ESG is an opportunity
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Inside this report
ESG REPORT 2022-23
How to navigate the report 01 03
We bring you the Infosys ESG Report
2022-23 – an interactive PDF made to
help you access information easily, to
go to another page, section or website.
03 25
The ESG disclosures consist of the ESG
Report 2022-23 and the ESG Data book 04 26
2022-23.
05 29
Click here to access the ESG Data book
06 31
Document controls 35
08
The bold text on the navigation bar 40
indicates the section you are currently
in. You can also go to specific chapters
from the Contents page. Some of the
02 04
links embedded in the content will
take you to the Infosys Integrated
Annual Report, ESG Data Book, the
Corporate Responsibility microsite,
and the Foundation websites.
10 50
11 51
19 60
21 63
Print optimized
A4
Download printable PDF of
Infosys ESG Report 2022-23
Mapping with UN SDGs
Our ESG ambitions continue to power our efforts to create value for our
stakeholders. Throughout the report, you will find our ESG progress mapped to
the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Cover: One of the artificial lakes created in Infosys Mysuru.
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Introduction
ESG is an opportunity
Most companies know that being socially conscious and
responsible is non-negotiable today. By integrating ESG
03 practices, businesses can effectively mitigate risks associated
with environmental and social challenges, enhancing their long-
04 term sustainability and minimizing negative impacts.
05 At Infosys, we believe ESG consciousness is about creating
a sustainable business where we care about including more
06 people in our vision so we can drive value together, while at
the same time, fostering social impact, promoting stakeholder
08
engagement, emphasizing ethical governance, and unlocking
investment and market opportunities. This is encapsulated
beautifully in our purpose statement – to amplify human
potential and create the next opportunity for people, businesses
and communities. At Infosys, we believe ESG is an opportunity
– an opportunity to contribute to a more sustainable, inclusive,
and prosperous society.
Join us as we review the progress we’ve made in fiscal 2023 in
this ESG Report. As always, we welcome and appreciate your
feedback.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 03
ESG highlights
Reflecting on our journey so far
ESG REPORT 2022-23
World’s most ethical company
Carbon neutral 28.9 mn sq. ft. 60 MW
recognized by Ethisphere for the third year in a row
4 years in a row
of the highest-level of total installed
green certified space solar capacity ~50,000 fresh graduates
35 mn sq. ft.
57.90 % hired globally
o In f f o o ffi sy c s e c o sp m a m ce a m nd o n ce it n o t r e e r d through of electricity for our 91 % local 39.4 %
India operations comes from
49.92 renewable sources hires women in the workforce
%
in fiscal 2023
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 10.96 MWh/US$ mn
GHG emissions over the 5.5 mn+ 8.5 mn
BAU scenario* energy intensity for fiscal 2023
training days learners
CDP climate 39 lakes 100
% in fiscal 2023 enabled with digital skilling
leadership across our campuses, recycling of
holding 426 million liters of wastewater
ISO 27001:2013 ISO 27701:2019
rainwater storage capacity
7 years in a row
Information security management Privacy information management
400 deep injection wells
standard certified standard certified
across our campuses in India , providing a ISO 14001:2015 ISO 22301:2019
combined recharge capacity of around 20 million liters
Environment management Business continuity management
standard certified standard certified
2,40,000+ 66 114 mn+ lives
% ISO 45001:2018
rural families continue to benefit proportion of spending empowered via Tech for Good
Occupational health & safety management
from our carbon offset programs on local suppliers (in India) programs in e-governance,
standard certified
in fiscal 2023 healthcare and education
* BAU scenario refers to regular operations without interventions such as renewable power or energy conservation initiatives.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 04
Approach to reporting
Infosys ESG Report 2022-23
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Over the last four decades, Infosys has stayed true to the vision of the founders – to earn the respect of our stakeholders. It is no wonder, therefore, that a holistic appreciation of progress - inclusive
of the universe of stakeholders from clients to communities, employees, suppliers, investors and the government - has continued to inform our collective efforts and results, since inception. This ESG
report, together with our other publications, reflect our approach, journey and outcomes.
About this report Frameworks, guidelines Approach to materiality Assurance statement
and standards
This report provides information on The universe of our material topics on Our ESG disclosures are reviewed and verified
the progress on our ESG Vision 2030 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) is internally by an independent group, namely,
The disclosures in this Report are in accordance
commitments. The report forms the basis complex and multi-layered, one that is deeply Corporate Certifications and Assessments
with the GRI Standard 2021 and SASB
of our Communication on Progress (CoP) intertwined with the value we seek to create Team (CCAT). Select non-financial sustainability
standards. The ESG Data Book contains our
with the UN Global Compact (UNGC) each through our business for our stakeholders. disclosures are assured by KPMG Assurance
response to the Task Force on Climate-related
year. Our disclosures show the maturity of and Consulting Services LLP. The Independent
Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Read more: Infosys ESG Vision 2030 document
our sustainability management system and Assurance Statement is available as part of the
reporting practices. It addresses the growing We have also mapped our contribution to the ESG Data book.
interests and expectations of our global Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
stakeholders across environmental, social and
governance dimensions.
Infosys Infosys Infosys ESG Databook 2022-23 Infosys Sustainability Microsite Infosys Infosys
Integrated ESG Vision 2030 Foundation Report Corporate Social Responsibility
Annual Report 2022-23 Microsite
2022-23
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 05
Corporate overview
Global Presence*
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Denmark Finland
Netherlands Sweden
Canada UK Latvia
Lithuania
Norway
Ireland Czech Republic
Belgium Poland
Austria
Luxembourg
Croatia
USA Germany Romania
France Armenia Japan
Portugal Turkey South Korea
China
Mexico Liechtenstein
Malta Israel Qatar
Puerto Rico Hong Kong Taiwan
Italy Saudi Arabia UAE India
Costa Rica Hungary
Slovakia Philippines
Switzerland
Malaysia
Serbia Singapore
Peru
Bulgaria
Brazil
Spain
Mauritius
Chile
Australia
Argentina
South Africa
New Zealand
Infosys began its operations in a small apartment office in Pune, India, Global footprint Employees Revenues Revenue by geography
in 1981. Today, we have offices across six continents.
No. of countries Total number Total Regions 2022-23
For details of our global locations, visit
56 of employees 1,46,767 cr
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/documents/global- 3,43,234 ` North America 61.8%
presence2023.pdf
Europe 25.7%
No. of offices Digital
274 Women 62.2 Rest of the world 9.9%
%
employees
India 2.6%
39.4
%
*as of May 29, 2023
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 06
Corporate overview
Our solutions are classified as digital and core
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Digital Core
Experience
Application management services Infrastructure management services
Insight
Proprietary application development services Traditional enterprise application implementation
Innovate
Independent validation solutions Support and integration services
Accelerate
Assure Product engineering and management Business process management
Digital accelerators
Infosys Cobalt is a set of services,
solutions, and platforms for enterprises
to accelerate their cloud journey.
Infosys Metaverse Foundry combines the Infosys Center for Emerging Technology
power of domain and design expertise, Solutions (iCETS) focuses on incubation of
platforms and digital accelerators, with NextGen services and offerings by identifying Infosys Topaz is an AI-first offering
strong relationships in a rich and building technology capabilities to to accelerate business value for
creator-partner economy. accelerate innovation. global enterprises using generative AI.
Key products and platforms
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 07
Message from the Chief Financial Officer
ESG is an opportunity
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Dear stakeholder,
The business and ethical imperative for enterprises today is to focus on being sustainable, then
acting at speed and scale to accelerate impact. At Infosys, whether it is leading from the front and
being carbon neutral for the fourth consecutive year, on our journey to net zero, or driving digital
reskilling to impact 8.5 million lives, we’ve been navigating our next in terms of creating a hopeful,
progressive shared future. That we know is a responsibility.
And yet, for us, ESG is so much more than responsibility.
It is that powerful potential to continue to support the 2,40,000+ rural families who benefit from
our carbon offset programs. To do all we can to harness tech for good. To energize platforms to
nurture inclusion and belonging among our diverse employees, facilitate employee wellness and
experience. With 1,35,355 women making 39.4% of the workforce, we are making steady progress
toward our goal of 45% women in the organization by 2030. We launched an exclusive learning
channel for our suppliers too, this year. It drives ESG learning and best practices while providing
learners an opportunity to discuss, ideate and engage on ESG topics. It’s part of our overall effort
to build responsible supply chains. It’s the opportunity for us to amplify human potential and
create the next opportunity for people, businesses and communities.
Ethisphere Institute, the global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business
practices, recognized our efforts, for the third year in a row, listing us as one of the world’s most
ethical companies.
For us, however, the true reward of our efforts, continues to be the measurable impact we make on
the ecosystem - building opportunities for everyone to thrive and grow responsibly.
Because, at Infosys, ESG is indeed an opportunity.
Sd/-
Bengaluru Nilanjan Roy
May 29, 2023 Chief Financial Officer
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 08
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Environmental vision
Serve the preservation
of our planet by shaping
10
and sharing technology
11
19 solutions
21
Adopt, invent and spread smarter ways to mitigate GHG
emissions, reduce energy consumption, manage water and
waste. To make our planet stronger by consistently embracing
clean tech in our operations and client solutions, thereby
minimizing the impact on nature.
UN SDGs aligned
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 09
Environment
Performance on environmental goals
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Environment vision
Serve the preservation of our planet by shaping and sharing technology solutions
Material topics Ambitions Progress in fiscal 2023
• Maintaining the carbon neutrality across Scope 1, 2 • Carbon neutral across Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
and 3 emissions every year
• Reduced Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 49.92% over the
• Reducing absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas BAU scenario
Climate change (GHG) emissions by 75%(1)
• Reduced absolute Scope 3 emissions by 50.15% over the
• Reducing absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 30%(2) 2020 baseline
• Engaging clients on climate actions through our • >30% of our client engagements include climate-change
solutions solutions
Water • Maintaining 100% wastewater recycling every year • 100% of the wastewater in our campuses is recycled
• We embarked on a journey of obtaining TRUE ZERO WASTE
Waste • Ensuring zero waste to landfill Certification through GBCI for our owned campuses in
Bengaluru, Chennai and Pune in fiscal 2023
Note
(1) Corresponds to 75% renewable energy usage globally. This will be measured annually against the business-as-usual (BAU) scenario, which refers to regular operations without interventions such as renewable power or energy conservation initiatives.
(2) Measured against the 2020 baseline. Includes business travel, employee commute, and transmission and distribution losses as per ESG Vision 2030.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 10
Climate change Environment
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Approach to carbon neutrality
Energy efficiency
To reduce emissions
Renewable energy
To avoid emissions
Carbon offsets
To offset emissions
CARBON
NEUTRAL
in 2023,
making it the fourth year in a row
Infosys’ climate commitments
• As a part of our ESG Vision 2030, we
have committed to maintaining carbon
Infosys Nagpur campus
neutrality across Scope 1, 2 and 3
Human activity has been increasingly driving to mitigate the impacts of climate change, Nationally Determined Contributions) based on emissions, each year.
the rise in global temperature, which has nations have adopted the Glasgow Climate their capabilities, circumstances and priorities. • Our Climate Pledge, in partnership with
reached approximately 1.1° C above pre- Pact in 2021 with a goal to transform the 2020s Amazon and Global Optimism, is to
At Infosys, climate change considerations
industrial levels. This has led to rapid and into a decade of climate action and support. become net zero by 2040.
continue to play a key role in all strategies:
widespread impact on global climate systems. The World Economic Forum’s 2023 Global
from mergers and acquisitions to leasing new • Infosys is the first Indian company to
The year 2022 was marked by record droughts, Risks Report focuses on the various sectors
offices and engagement with our stakeholders. participate in the RE 100 initiative and
heat waves, forest fires, floods, and a record low where the world is at a crucial juncture, calling
While continuing to remain carbon neutral, set an internal carbon price.
level of the Antarctic Sea ice, crippling human for action to get ready for possible future
Infosys also integrates strong efforts to better • Our emission reduction targets are
population across the world. Despite the Paris catastrophes, while on the other hand, striving
our sustainability performance by consistently validated by the Science Based Target
Agreement of 2015 reaching a milestone in to build resilience. The signatories to the Paris
embracing clean technology in our operations Initiative (SBTi).
cooperation among various countries to adopt Agreement, including India, have put forward
and client solutions, thereby minimizing the
strong measures for limiting global warming to their commitments to reduce Greenhouse Gas
impact on the environment.
1.5°C, the pace or scale of action has not been (GHG) emissions in the form of INDCs (Intended
adequate to achieve the stated goals. As a step
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 11
Climate change Environment
Emission reduction strategies
Emission reduction strategies
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Our strategy for carbon neutrality
Energy efficiency
remains the same—continue to reduce
our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and
offset the remaining emissions. The growth of the IT sector has been
phenomenal in the past decade and this
Scope 1
has led to a major expansion of the Infosys
• Better operational efficiency of our workforce.
Diesel Generator sets
Keeping this growing demand in mind, Infosys
• Better management of fugitive has been a pioneer in building sustainable
emissions from HVAC units campuses. From creating lush green campuses
• Transition to Electric Vehicles (EVs) for to implementing innovative technologies
company-owned vehicles like radiant cooling, Infosys has deployed
one of the largest enterprise-level energy
Scope 2
conservation programs globally and achieved
• Design and build or lease new offices significant reduction in resource intensity over
with low Energy Performance Index the past 15 years.
(EPI)
Our buildings are the primary consumers of
• Retrofit old buildings to improve EPI
energy. We are committed to building our
• Source renewable power new infrastructure in a sustainable manner
Scope 3 and pursuing energy efficiency projects
in existing infrastructure. We will continue
• Include a hybrid working model
to implement innovative technologies in
• Promote EVs among employees buildings and collaborate with experts and
Infosys Hyderabad campus in Gachibowli
• Promote carpooling, public transport, academia to ensure our infrastructure is
and low to zero-emission modes of greener and smarter. The focus areas for energy In fiscal 2023, we consumed 199.66 Million kWh
commute among employees efficiency measures in green buildings and power in our operations across the globe.
existing buildings continue to be lighting, 28.9 mn sq.ft.
• Optimize business travel Energy intensity
air-conditioning, automation, UPS, building
• Adopt a life cycle approach for capital (MWh/US$ mn revenue)
façade, data centers, and server rooms.
goods
2020-21 13.0
In this process, we have not only achieved with highest level of
some of the global best standards in 2021-22 10.57
green certification
green buildings, but we have also set new 2022-23 10.96
benchmarks in green building certification.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 12
Climate change Environment
Life Cycle Analysis (LCA) of Renewable energy share of renewable energy in its power mix for
India operations.
buildings
ESG REPORT 2022-23 Greening the energy mix Infosys Hyderabad and Bhubaneshwar are
utilizing renewable energy from the recently-
Being a leader in design and construction To enhance its efforts towards meeting the launched green tariff mechanism for
of sustainable buildings, Infosys is doubling environmental goal of carbon neutrality, Commercial and Industrial (C&I) consumers.
its efforts to reduce carbon emissions by Infosys has adopted the use of renewable
considering a LCA of buildings that looks at the energy in its power mix. Infosys has set up solar
upstream and downstream carbon emissions PV panels on the rooftops of office buildings.
during their life cycle. This information is used In total, Infosys has 14.4 MW of rooftop and 57.9
to make a comparative analysis of alternative ground mount solar PV panels. Further Infosys %
materials and construction technologies that has set up a 40 MW captive solar power plant
can help reduce overall environmental impact. at Sira, Karnataka. In total, Infosys has 60 MW of of electricity for our
total installed solar capacity.
The LCA can be used for the following India operations are from
purposes: Infosys also procures green energy through
renewables
third-party power purchase agreements.
1. Identify potential for improvement of
Through these measures, Infosys has 57.9%
environmental performance.
2. Comparison of environmental performance
using alternative materials.
The Command Center in Infosys Bangalore
3. Documentation of environmental
Infosys collects data continuously through its
performance for certification, labelling and
command centers. This command center allows
marketing.
us to schedule ‘auto-pilot operations’ using a
4. Drive our climate action agenda across our built-in intelligence system. This has enabled
supply chain. us to monitor over 35 mn sq. ft. of office space.
Analyzing this granular data, Infosys has made
Infosys Kolkata's LCA-based approach has set
informed decisions in new building design and
an example for the rest of the corporates.
improved operational efficiencies.
Command Center Data - Our command center has also allowed us to
adopt a data-driven operations approach
the New Oil
to manage, on a real-time basis, occupant
comfort, indoor air quality, energy intensity,
By collecting and reporting data metrics, water intensity, the health of critical assets,
companies can better understand the impact critical operations, renewable energy
of their operations on the environment, society, generation, water and waste treatment, and
and governance. This data helps in arriving at the overall performance at all levels within all
a baseline against which emissions reduction our buildings in our campuses.
can be tracked and monitored including
This data has played an instrumental role in
inefficiencies, leakages, and excessive usage of
facilitating Infosys to be a leader in carbon
resources.
neutrality and setting high benchmarks in the
industry.
The solar field at the Infosys Hyderabad campus
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 13
Climate change Environment
Nurturing social development
ESG REPORT 2022-23 Carbon neutral events
Carbon offset program
Infosys organizes a few public events
Infosys was among the first corporates to generate emission offsets. While this approach through the year. In 2023, Infosys
commit to bold climate action. The Company requires careful long-term planning, intense 2,40,000+ envisioned to make these events a
took up active measures to reduce and due diligence, and strict management control, hallmark of sustainability. Environment-
streamline the energy demand in its campuses. it is significantly more rewarding. friendly measures, like the use of
sustainable construction materials,
This demand-focused approach helped in
Infosys partnered with local NGOs to undertake rural families continue to benefit water conservation measures and zero
reducing carbon emissions to a great extent.
projects in rural India that would benefit plastic use, emphasized Infosys’ holistic
Infosys has also invested in renewable energy from our carbon offset programs
society. These projects include improved approach to sustainability. Detailed
(solar PV) plants to avoid emissions. However,
cookstoves and household biogas plants, carbon emissions were calculated for the
there are unavoidable emissions due to
business travel, employee commute etc., that which improved rural livelihoods, community Since 2016, we have implemented eight travel of the participants to the event.
had to be offset to achieve carbon neutrality. health and social harmony. Improved indoor efficient cookstove projects, four biogas, one These were then compensated by Infosys’
air quality and diversified income have ensured each of rural electrification and integrated carbon credits. This effort made all the
Infosys’ carbon offset program has carefully a better standard of living for women and community-based projects (solar, cookstove, major events organized by Infosys in 2023
selected grassroots social development children. street lighting and public health center) across carbon neutral with minimum impact on
projects, implemented them at scale to India. the environment.
Improved cook stove Self sustained Biogas unit
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 14
Climate change Environment
Engaging clients on climate solutions
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Climate solutions Carbon neutrality leadership Recognition: WSJ: “World’s 100 Most Sustainably Managed
Companies” | Ethisphere “World’s Most Ethical ESG / sustainability offerings
Companies” | UN: Global Climate Action Award |
Infosys continues to strengthen its position Infosys became carbon neutral in 2020, thirty Global ESG Leadership Ratings
Circular PLM
in delivering practical, impactful, ethical and years ahead of the timeline set by the Paris Partnerships
holistic ESG solutions to its clients based on the Agreement. As part of our ESG vision 2030, we
Decarbonization
following strengths: have committed to be carbon neutral each
In fiscal 2023, we saw increased traction in
year.
our client conversations on sustainability. We Energy transition
• Deep, internal expertise spanning over a signed up for a number of engagements with
Our strengths
decade the clients. Our new offerings included 10 ESG finance and investments
• Direct positive impact on client ESG metrics projects featuring ESG reporting services and
as a carbon neutral service provider Green IT offerings. We also piloted our award- Smart spaces
Strong delivery capabilities
Achievements: Strong sustainability credentials: winning blockchain traceability solution at two
(Carbon Neutral 4 years in a row across Scopes 1, 2 clients. Sustainable procurement
and 3 | 28.9 mn sq.ft. of office space with the highest
level of green building certification | 60 MW Installed • Major technology and solution providers ESG data reporting and analytics
Carbon neutrality leadership
Solar capacity | Community-based Carbon Reduction • Major research institutions
programs)
• Governmental and non-governmental Green IT
Thought leadership organizations
Thought leadership
Sustainability advisory
Partnerships: Google, AWS, Microsoft, SAP, IBM, Salesforce,
• Recognized as a sustainability leader and hundreds more | The Economist Group, Financial
Times | MIT, UC Berkeley, Arizona State Univ. | World
• Rated as a top provider of sustainability
Partnerships Economic Forum
services
• Research and innovation
Strong Delivery capabilities
Strong delivery capabilities focusing on:
• Efficiency: Reduced costs and resources
• Intelligence: Deep data analytics and
reporting
• Innovation: Operations, Supply Chain,
Facilities, Products, Services, Living Labs
and Centers of Excellence
• Growth: New revenue streams
Services: ESG Data and Analytics | Green IT | Energy
Transition | Smart Spaces | PLM Circularity |
Decarbonization | ESG for Finance | ESG as a Service |
Sustainability Advisory and Sustainable Procurement Gachibowli campus at Hyderabad
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 15
Climate change Environment
Growing our public / private partnership footprint
ESG REPORT 2022-23 Infosys campus as case study for international delegates Cradle 2 Commerce – AWS Sustainability Day
Lawrence Berkeley National Labs
Infosys teamed up with the AWS Sustainability
and US Department of Energy Day, a premier invite-only day of inspirations,
thought leadership, and panel discussions
To accelerate critical climate solutions to
designed for leaders who have a vested
market, Infosys has teamed up with the
interest in sustainability, IT professionals,
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL).
and builders across all industries who are
LBNL has been granted major funding by
committed to reducing costs while protecting
the US Department of Energy (DOE) to run
the environment.
Cradle to Commerce (C2C). C2C is a three-
year program that will deploy scientifically
validated, commercially viable IP from multiple
national labs, provide unprecedented access
to entrepreneurs and inventors to scientific
and business resources, and support a just and
equitable energy transition. C2C is designed
to overcome obstacles to clean energy
and climate tech commercialization in four
domains: smart grid, decarbonized buildings, AWS Sustainability Day - panel discussion
solar / renewable energy, and nuclear energy.
Together, we are leading the way in
entrepreneurship and scientific vetting of
technologies as a dovetailed public and private
sector team, which is accelerating climate
action through an unprecedented combination
of robust scientific validation and business
Infosys Cresent campus in Bengaluru was achieve net zero carbon commitment model innovation.
selected as an energy efficiency showcase across the board. It was indeed an honor for
Europe's Earthshot
for delegates of the G20 Energy Transition Infosys to have been selected to showcase
Working Group. The visit showcased the its commitment to environment and
Infosys is participating in Europe’s Energy
focused approach to net zero design and leadership in climate action.
Earthshot, a whole-of-system design
innovative technologies implementation in
This was followed, in March 2023, by a visit process for catalyzing the continent’s energy
the campus to achieve energy conservation.
of a BIMSTEC (Bay of Bengal Initiative for transformation. Launched in October 2022,
G20 member countries represent over Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic hundreds of European stakeholders are co-
80% of the world GDP and 60% of the Cooperation) delegation to Infosys campus, creating and collectively advancing solutions
world population, and is committed to the with a similar objective of understanding for a just and inclusive clean energy future. As
implementation of the Paris Agreement the net zero approach and the innovative a “B-Team member,” we collaborate with civil
which aims to limit global warming below technologies implemented for reducing society, governments, experts and corporate
1.5°C. The urgency to reduce GHG emissions energy demand and thereby carbon leaders to accelerate the transformative action
across the globe underlines the need to emissions. needed to build a better tomorrow, today.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 16
Climate change Environment
A glimpse into some of our solutions
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Advanced Engineering Group (AEG) has in an additional production of 10%. With the Infosys also helped implement a report data from multiple transactional, operational,
been at the forefront of engineering and adoption of smart planning algorithms for system to track the client’s sustainability and billing systems, across multiple regions.
technology innovations at Infosys. Towards better machine and workforce utilization, goals through sustainable product certificate Infosys also aided the development of a
this, AEG delivered many high value, complex energy, and waste management solutions, validation, product authentication, digitized balanced scorecard to deliver near-real-
and technically challenging programs, Infosys helped to reduce the carbon footprint value chain, sustainable product KPIs, pre- time operational waste metrics. The API
spearheading cutting edge technologies, by over 10% for each of their 20 plants. production sustainability standards and and dashboard-enabled data hub helped in
innovation and differentiated growth for calculated sustainable fabric content. This delivering daily output and analysis of waste
Support to a global research
engineering services. would accelerate the client's journey towards and diversion volumes, including resultant
facility to cut carbon emissions achieving the target of having 100% of a unit's emissions.
Connected Ops on Cloud
production meet at least one of the sustainable
A global research facility wanted to reduce its material criteria by 2025. Support for energy management
Infosys has developed "Connected Ops on
carbon footprint and establish itself as a leader for a leading pharma company
Cloud" solution / IP. This is a cloud first platform
in its field. Infosys assisted them by using Live and accurate GHG reporting
consisting of multiple micro applications
materiality assessment frameworks to identify for carbon neutrality Infosys’ deep experience and expertise in
related to Manufacturing Operations like
target ESG areas, ranking them from highest energy management enabled it to help a
Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE),
to lowest in impact and priority. The client’s A leading consumer goods company set leading pharma company enhance energy
Predictive Maintenance, Energy Monitoring,
wider procurement rules and processes were sustainability goals for net zero emissions performance. Infosys’ systematic approach
and Maintenance Management. This solution is
updated to new environmentally responsible (Scope 1, 2, 3). The company aimed for 100% of helped identify key areas of improvement
already deployed at multiple clients and at the
policy and processes through workshops and carbon strategic suppliers to set science-based to facilitate incident management and
recently concluded Hannover Messe Germany,
online sessions, particularly with category targets by 2025 and use 100% renewable business processes in the context of their
this was part of the AWS IDF (Industrial Data
managers. Specific training courses were electricity by 2030. Infosys offered a solution their environmental performance. Leveraging
Fabric) solution.
creates for teams and individuals. To identify which focused on creating data products technology, the client was able to monitor
Industry 4.0 led digital and negotiate the optimal solution for the related to Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions defined and publish yearly / quarterly reports on their
requirements of the client, an assessment of by the GHG Protocol, while also helping to environmental performance.
transformation and sustainability
external ESG best practice measurement tools define KPIs to track progress. The objective
focus was also done. was to integrate data to provide a single Global rollout of Employee Health
cross-system ID for consolidated reporting Scheme (EHS) product portfolio
For one of the largest Aircraft Maintenance, Sustainable materials traceability and curating GHG protocol-compliant data for a pharma major
Repair and Overhaul (MRO) providers,
products through live, automated and accurate
Infosys is defining and executing a digital Infosys partnered with a leading apparel
reporting, which would further reduce Infosys focused on delivering on the client’s
transformation strategy focused on reducing manufacturer to develop a road map of digital
compliance risks. need to enhance employee health and
their carbon footprint by implementing a product traceability through digital product
wellness by bringing innovation in the
Digital Factory solution at scale across the identification. The identification process links Measuring environmental impact
implementation of different initiatives and
client’s manufacturing, assembly, and MRO physical products with the digital world to
of waste programs. Infosys helped in developing
factories across the globe. The solution improve product authentication. To track the
a continuous monitoring approach, thus
contains several parts such as real-time overall client's progress on the goals of its 'Design the A major waste processor approached Infosys ensuring the compliance applicable within
equipment effectiveness (OEE), condition- Change' initiative, Key Performance Indicators to develop a sustainability data hub, the first the geographical boundary, which fostered
based monitoring of assets, real-time asset (KPIs) were established. Estimated fabric of its kind in the industry, to gather, organize efficient internal and external stakeholder
tracking, smart asset maintenance, intelligent content and sustainable fabric content were and report measured and calculated waste communication on risk, performance and
planning and dynamic scheduling. The client calculated to provide accurate labeling of fabric volumes, and the resultant environmental progress. Infosys analyzed the client’s EHS data
achieved a 10% improvement of OEE resulting quality through DataIKU and MicroStrategy. impacts. Infosys helped in the integration of and proactively minimized the detrimental
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 17
Climate change Environment
EHS impact of their products throughout their Advanced robotic solution to ESG integrated reporting for a To centralize and share ESG technology and
lifecycle . This effort successfully resolved the operations data across business areas, Infosys
clean and coat conductors large FSI
client’s requirement of selecting responsible worked on leveraging ESG and climate data
ESG REPORT 2022-23 suppliers and business partners. Infosys supported the sustainability agenda When a large financial services company sets for client and product reporting. Infosys
of the Prysmian Group by partnering for a key sought to build an ESG platform to assess has outlined a simplified and scalable solution
Rollout of EHS product portfolio
project. Infosys designed and developed the climate risks and their impact on other risks to support asset stewardship, ESG investments,
for American multinational E3X Robot System for cleaning and coating the (credit, market, operational and others), Infosys enterprise risk, and client, product and
overhead conductor, which has the potential offered a comprehensive solution for emissions regulatory reporting along with automated
Infosys enabled the digital transformation
to work both in energized and unenergized reporting along with a risk management and processes for productivity gains. The aim was
of an EHS product portfolio for an American
conditions. This robotics innovation project is scenario analysis framework. The goal was to enhance ESG Business Intelligence (BI)
multinational involved in heating, ventilation,
a great innovation for the energy and utilities to report financed emissions internally and reporting capability to assist business groups
and air-conditioning solutions. With a
industry. externally, forecast emission intensity and and client Queries via a strategic data platform
systematic approach, Infosys helped enhance
temperature alignment of the company's activation.
the client’s time-to-market. This facilitated End-to-end energy service
portfolio to well below the 2-degree scenario
faster data collection, contextualization, and
solution for large REIT client (Paris Agreement) and to achieve net zero
data aggregation to ensure that sustainability
greenhouse gas emissions from its operations,
metrics are properly published addressing Infosys helped one of its REIT (Real Estate supply chain and financing activities by 2050.
stakeholder expectations. Infosys also helped Investment Trusts) clients implement a A solution was formulated to create a process
ensure optimal functionality for the EHS sustainable logistics system by offering an end- to set risk appetite limits and track exposure
modules of the client. to-end energy service solution that focused against those limits.
on energy savings and supply insights of the
Mobile and web implementation
client’s warehouse customers. The system Sustainability data for investment
of incident management for effectively implemented data collection management
railroad firm across EV charging, EV utilization, as well as
third-party data across multiple sites and Regulatory requirements to report an
Infosys implemented a system to enable the geographies. This optimized energy solution organization's sustainability performance are
client, a railroad firm, to have the flexibility integrated with a modular technology platform becoming complex and global. At the same
to facilitate daily operations. With its deep not only enhanced the client’s progress time, asset stewardship and engagement
experience and expertise in data management, towards sustainability goals but also reinforced reporting requires organizations to create
Infosys helped to handle sensitive data Infosys’ commitment to being a driver in the on-demand reports along with standard ones.
and prevent problems in a timely manner. clients’ impactful ESG transformation.
Infosys developed apps to enable the client
to enhance its EHS performance while also
leveraging technology to monitor, report and
effectively manage the digital transformation.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 18
WATER Environment
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Water conservation
Rainwater harvesting
Rainwater harvesting is an important part
of our water stewardship goal. Our India
Reduce Reuse Recycle
campuses are equipped with rooftop rainwater
harvesting, harvesting tanks, recharge wells
We have evaluated the water stress zones in
and artificial lakes. These reduce our external
line with the WRI guidelines for all our locations
freshwater dependency and also help to
globally. The details of water stress zones and
replenish the groundwater table in the areas
withdrawals are available in BRSR. 100% of our
we operate in. Our campuses in Chennai
water withdrawal from various sources has
MCity, Thiruvananthapuram, Hyderabad and
Total Dissolved Solids (TDS) which is less than
Bengaluru have achieved maximum rainwater
1,000 mg/L and hence considered as fresh
harvesting last year. We are continuing efforts
water.
to strengthen rainwater harvesting in our other
We are continuously preparing our campuses India locations too.
to be water sustainable by reducing freshwater
Rooftop rainwater harvesting
intake and implementing water conservation
initiatives. Retrofits and consolidation in
Rooftop rainwater harvesting systems have
building operations brought down freshwater
helped us offset freshwater purchases from
consumption in various locations. Our
external sources.
Rainwater harvesing at Infosys Hyderabad
freshwater consumption is solely for human
UNICEF estimates that by 2025, more than 50% globally due to climate change, and as a sustenance and hence, we believe we do
of the world’s population could live in areas result, more than 2.3 billion people worldwide not significantly impact water resources.
with scarce water resources. Due to severe are presently experiencing water stress. We are focused on reducing our freshwater
water scarcity, 700 million people could lose Understanding the significance, the UN CEO consumption through many initiatives. A
their lives by 2030. To address this challenge, water mandate experienced historic growth, comprehensive water management strategy
it is crucial to develop sustainable systems and its Water Resilience Coalition, which places has been devised to achieve water sufficiency.
that can efficiently store and use fresh water. global water stress on corporate agenda's, also Water usage is reduced through demand side
Moreover, there is a need for land management experienced record growth. As a signatory to measures and 100% of wastewater is recycled
techniques that preserve the integrity of the the UN CEO Water Mandate, we commit to within our campuses.
water cycle. We, at Infosys, are committed to enhancing our operational water conservation
minimizing our water footprint and improving procedures and expanding our community Water Intensity (KL/MUSD)
water accessibility in the communities in which outreach. We are committed to water
2020-21 96.39
we operate. conservation through the 3R (Reduce, Reuse,
Recycle) strategy. 2021-22 80.46
Since 2000, the frequency and length of
droughts have increased by almost a third 2022-23 124.90 The rooftop rainwater harvesting filter near SDB 1 in
Infosys Chandigarh
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 19
Water Environment
Artificial lakes and deep water Waste water treatment and reuse
injection wells
ESG REPORT 2022-23
We have built groundwater injection wells Upgrade of STP to Implementation of dual plumbing Wastewater treatment plant
at our Bengaluru, Chandigarh, Chennai,
Membrane Bio Reactor (MBR) (WTP) and STP retrofits
Hyderabad, Jaipur, Mysuru and Pune campuses. Implementation of dual plumbing in identified
Non-MBR Sewage Treatment Plants (STPs) buildings of the Bengaluru and Chennai MCity Retrofitting WTPs and STPs using latest
Injection wells and artificial lakes are useful in
were upgraded to MBR technology to improve campuses is in progress to utilize STP treated technologies for efficient and economic
replenishing the groundwater table.
treated water quality and utilize treated water water for flushing. operations is an important strategy. We have
We have augmented the capacity of the for all recycling purposes. In fiscal 2023, we ensured that all the treated water is reused
Location Status
following lakes during the year. have upgraded the STP plants in Chennai in our campuses and its quality is monitored
Bengaluru B#11, 12 completed
Sholingnallur, Nagpur, Pune Phase I locations. regularly to ensure adherence to all applicable
Location Capacity Chennai MCity SDB 2 completed
norms. New designs for WTPs ensure they are
Chennai MCity - 1 750 KL
Location Plant capacity MBR Upgrade better optimized for size, treatment technology
Chennai MCity - 2 450 KL Chennai Shols 180 KLD Completed Procurement of grey water for and improved treated water quality. Old
Bhubaneswar SEZ 5,250 KL Nagpur 200 KLD Completed recycling treatment plants have been retrofitted with
Jaipur 400 KL Pune Phase I 250 KLD Completed advanced membrane bio reactor technology
Hubballi 75 KLD In Progress The procurement of secondary quality water that gives better treated water quality,
through authorized agencies to meet the meeting all wastewater treatment norms. We
During fiscal 2023, we received confirmation water demand for landscaping helps us reduce ensure that we treat and reuse 100% of the
from our overseas locations that the sewage freshwater dependency. We have implemented wastewater generated through our business
generated at our offices was disposed in line grey water procurement in Chennai and operations within our campuses for flushing,
with the local regulations. Hyderabad. landscaping and cooling tower applications.
In fiscal 2023, we recycled and reused upto Location Qty. received in fiscal 2023 Consequently, freshwater withdrawal has
11,75,764.82 KL of water, which amounts reduced drastically.
Chennai MCity 4,829 KL
to 70.84% of the total water withdrawal in
Hyderabad STPI 18,827 KL
India locations. This has enabled reduction in
freshwater sourcing to that extent. Smart water irrigation projects 100%
Smart irrigation systems have been piloted in
our Mysuru and Chennai campuses. Projects in
of wastewater generated is treated
Gurgaon, Hyderabad (STP) and Bengaluru are
under evaluation. Careful planning to ensure and recycled within our campuses
lesser grass cover, the use of native species
and the continued development of irrigation
infrastructure including automated irrigation
and drip irrigation have ensured lesser water use.
An artificial lake created in Infosys Jaipur The STP in Infosys Chennai - Shols
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 20
WASTE Environment
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Waste management Infosys’ waste management approach is based
on the philosophy of Reduce, Reuse, Refurbish,
Repurpose and Recycle. We seek to uphold
Today, we use the equivalent of 1.5 Earths our ambition of zero waste to landfills through
to meet the resource needs of everyday life. active minimization combined with technology
According to an estimate of the carrying investment in recycling and streamlining
capacity of our planet, it takes the Earth systems and processes. With our efforts, we
18 months to restore what is used in just contribute to a circular economy and convert
12 months. Every year, the world produces waste into resources. Infosys has established
2.01 billion tons of municipal solid waste, robust waste management practices, focusing
of which, at least 33% is not handled in an on waste collection, segregation and disposal
environmentally responsible way. of waste.
Today, waste management is a crucial Segregation at source
challenge globally. Waste management
includes the collection, segregation, and
Waste segregation at source refers to the
disposal of waste. Waste collection is a critical
process of identifying and segregating various
step in managing waste. Segregation of waste
types of solid wastes at the place or location
at source helps in quick disposal and has
of their generation. We segregate waste
monetary advantages like extracting energy
mainly into two categories - hazardous and
from the methane generated by decomposing
non-hazardous waste. Separate storage of
waste. Solid waste management operations are
various components of solid waste such as
typically a local responsibility, and nearly 70%
biodegradable wastes including landscape
of countries have established institutions with
/ garden waste and food waste and non-
the responsibility for policy development and
biodegradable wastes including sanitary
regulatory oversight in the waste sector.
waste and non-recyclable inert waste, various
categories of e-waste, and construction and
demolition wastes is practiced. A color code for
bins has been implemented for different types
of waste.
Reduce Reuse Recycle
The Infosys waste management practice
involves segregation of waste at source,
secondary segregation, efficient collection
and handling, recycling, and effective disposal
of all wastes while adhering to applicable
Refurbish Repurpose Recycle legislations. This enables reduction of negative
environmental impacts. We also insist on eco-
friendly packaging for all our purchases.
The biogas plant in Infosys Hyderabad
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 21
Waste Environment
tons/day are installed across India locations
ESG REPORT 2022-23 to enable conversion of landscape waste into
Waste recovery options
compost, which can then be used as organic
manure in our landscaping applications.
Recycling
As on date, our biogas plants have a capacity
to treat 10 tons of waste a day. The bio-
Waste such as paper, plastic and metal, are
methanation plants/ bioreactors in Infosys
recycled, converted into other usable forms
are high-rate digesters where the organic
and circulated back to the supply chain.
loading rate is significantly higher even when
We have established biogas plants in our
its loaded close to its rated capacity. Bi-phasic
campuses where food waste and landscape
bio-digestion, known for its effectiveness,
waste is treated through bio-methanation
was tested at one of the Infosys sites. This
process, which produces biogas an alternative
testing helped overcome challenges, such
to LPG in our food courts. We also have sludge
as inconsistent input feed rate as well as the
drying beds located next to our biogas plants Organic waste segregation at Hyderabad
quality of wet waste. The trial was a great
to dry the slurry. Soon after sun drying, dried
success as we were able to establish process
manure can be used for landscaping. Vermi
stabilization at all our bio-methanation plants
composters with a capacity of around eight
across India.
Location Quantity Total quantity Total LPG cylinders equivalent
Bengaluru 17,643.57
Thiruvananthapuram 1,955.93
Hyderabad - Pocharam 16,032.26 58,189.25 cu.m. Approx. 25,000 kg
Biogas
Mangaluru 2,933.13
Hyderabad - Gachibowli 3,281.18
Pune 16,343.16
Reuse
We follow a waste hierarchy and we prefer reuse over recycling. Waste generated at source gets
segregated and evaluated for reuse if possible. Waste like wood, STP sludge and bio manure slurry
from bio-methanation plants gets reused inside the campus. Construction and demolition waste
is sent to government authorized landfill sites where it further gets reused for various purposes
by the municipal corporation. Used oil from kitchens is utilized in biogas plants as it has high Solar sludge drier in Infosys Hyderabad
codigestion COD (chemical oxygen demand) levels, which in turn generates increased biogas.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 22
Waste Environment
Co-processing Mixed waste challenge Waste vendor evaluation Environmental compliance
Co-processing is the use of waste as raw
In fiscal 2023, development centers in India had At Infosys, our green procurement policy We have a strong environmental management
ESG REPORT 2022-23 material, or as a source of energy, or both to
dedicated authorized vendors to collect, sort ensures rigorous vendor evaluation. Waste system aligned with ISO 14001:2015 standards
replace natural mineral resources and fossil
and dispose mixed waste to ensure minimal vendors undergo a detailed vendor site audit across all India locations in line with our HSE
fuels. Generally, waste which cannot be reused
waste to landfills and maximize recycling. against several regulatory requirements. strategy and covers a significant portion of
or recycled and has high calorific value is
Post this, commercial proposals are invited the employees across the organization. The
selected for co-processing.
We have diverted and scrutinized to ensure they comply management system is implemented across
At Infosys, waste such as tetra packs, tea bags, with requirements. The proposals are then locations globally based on applicable legal
rubber waste, paper packaging, low value 90.45 of mixed waste shared with the commercial team for further requirements and internal benchmarks and are
%
plastic, plastic gunny bags, thermacol, foam, from landfills negotiations, if any. Once this process is a part of our internal audit coverage.
carpets, discarded mop refills, lanyards, ceramic completed, a formal agreement is entered into
during the year across We ensure adherence to the applicable legal
waste, flex banners, artificial grass mats, floor with the vendors. Vendors are audited annually
requirements across our locations. We conduct
mats, glass waste, cloth waste etc., are sent for India locations based on the waste vendor checklist.
environmental impact assessments for all our
co-processing.
E-waste management routine and non-routine activities and the
significant concerns creating an environmental
Co-processing achieves a superior TRUE Certification- impact include depletion of resources like
At Infosys, we have been persistent in our
environmental performance as compared power and water, waste generation and
efforts to ensure that we reduce, reuse, recycle
to landfill and incineration which can zero waste to landfill disposal, and emissions that are part of our
and dispose e-waste responsibly. Our e-waste
be demonstrated through life-cycle material aspects.
includes computers, desktops, laptops,
assessment of waste. Co-processing
Infosys’ India centers are heading keyboards, mobiles, printers, cartridges and Environmental impacts of new services,
is also recognized by the UNEP Basel
towards the 2030 target of zero waste to batteries. Generated e-waste is always sent activities and changes in process or legislations
Convention as a practical, cost-efficient,
landfills through the adoption of TRUE back to original manufacturers (under buyback are also conducted. We conduct environmental
safe and environmentally-preferred
Zero Waste Certification. schemes) or authorized recyclers who provide impact assessment studies for all new projects,
option compared to other waste
us certificates on the successful recycling wherever applicable, covering impacts related
treatment options. In fiscal 2023, we embarked on a journey
and recovery of the material. The selection to air, water, social aspects, and biodiversity,
to obtain TRUE Zero Waste Certification
of authorized recyclers is done keeping in among others.
Waste disposal options through Green Business Certification
mind the extent of resource circularity in
Inc. (GBCI) for our owned campuses at No cases of monetary or non-monetary
their process. E-waste is regulated through
Bengaluru, Chennai and Pune. sanctions for violations or environmental
As per Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) legislation and hence we evaluate the vendor
grievances have been reported in fiscal 2023.
and State Pollution Control Board (SPCB) to ensure all compliances are addressed prior
guidelines, bio medical waste, oil-soaked to disposal. Our campuses are built on state-approved
cotton, oil filters from DG sets, and other wastes land in industrial areas and are not adjacent to
are disposed of through authorized agencies. protected areas or biodiversity areas.
These agencies incinerate the waste as per
A process for monitoring requirements in
prescribed guidelines. The resultant ash is sent
line with legal requirements is established
to Treatment, Storage, Disposal Facility (TSDF)
and we ensure that all parameters are always
landfills for safe disposal and in a few locations,
maintained well within the defined norms.
it is diverted for cement manufacturing.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 23
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Social vision
Serve the development
of people by shaping a
25
future with meaningful
26
29
opportunities for all
31
35
We provide solutions and enable those we hire, those we work
40 with and those around us, to not only live better, but also
participate in progress for all. Technology is our way of doing
good around us.
UN SDGs aligned
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 24
Social
Performance on social goals
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Social vision
Serve the development of people by shaping a future with meaningful opportunities for all.
Material topics Ambitions Progress in fiscal 2023
Enabling digital • Extending digital skills to more than 10 million • We have reached 8.5 million people through our digital skilling
people, including employees, clients’ workforce,
talent at scale initiatives
students, teachers and communities by 2025
• Empowering more than 80 million lives via tech for
• More than 114 million lives empowered via tech for good
Tech for good good programs in e-governance, healthcare and
programs in e-governance, healthcare and education
education by 2025
Diversity, equity • Creating a gender-diverse workforce at Infosys,
• 39.4% women in the workforce
and inclusion with 45% women
Energizing local • Delivering 33% of work by leveraging flexible /
• ~75% of our employees leveraged remote working options
communities remote work options
Employee wellness • Facilitating best-in-class employee experience and • Recognized as a Top Employer in 22 countries across Europe,
being recognized among the best employers in our Middle East, Asia Pacific, and North America for best-in-class
and experience
key operating regions HR practices and processes
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 25
Social
Enabling digital talent at scale
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Enhancing skills and amplifying human talent introduced in the foundation program to employees with hands-on exposure to cloud
provide entry-level graduates an exposure to technologies. Some of these interventions
the latest technologies. include Microsoft Cloud Pro, a mega Microsoft
Infosys continues to make strategic investments in the competency development of its talent. We Cloud Certification drive.
have always believed it is important to nurture a learning ecosystem. Fiscal 2023 saw an increase Continuous education program
A web version of the global news publication,
in the learning consumption within Infosys and an overwhelming adoption in the community too.
Lex, our versatile learning platform, helps Financial Times, was launched in Lex for
our employees keep abreast of the latest employees. We have introduced a LinkedIn
technologies by learning anytime and from subscription this year, with over 9,000 courses.
anywhere. With the remote-first approach,
Lex also provides technology playgrounds to Quickstart,
practice, and get certified using the in-house
our lateral onboarding experience,
A virtual learning
enables experienced hires to get an
in-depth understanding of the
assistant organization and craft their first
100 days learning plan.
on Lex,
provides personalized guidance tailored ‘Milestone’ programs for our mid-level
Experience centre at Bengaluru for an immersive experience of industry solutions and offerings to an individual’s unique learning needs. employees to enhance their role readiness,
apart from improving peer networking and
Employees Foundation education program
leadership connect, and ‘Bridge’ programs that
‘Infosys Assessment Platform’ leveraging
The Infosys Foundation Education Program is a enable employees with training and internship
We endeavor to provide employees with 16 to 19 weeks residential training program, to its ‘virtual video proctoring’ mechanism. opportunities to switch to new careers such as
new learning experiences and future-ready enable the entry-level engineering and science The platform is also being improved using consulting and technical architecture have also
skills through two large interventions— the graduates transition into the corporate world. generative AI technologies. seen wider participation.
foundation program and the continuous This program focuses on IT foundation skills We have forged academic partnerships
education program. and one of the many technologies based on with an aim to develop top future-ready 55 lakh+
The foundation training program is designed to business requirements and includes process talent and to collaborate on emerging and learning days
mold newly onboarded entry-level engineering training as well as professional and behavioral niche technologies. We conducted various
and science graduates into corporate skills training. workshops in AWS, Azure, GCP and Metaverse
professionals. The continuous education in collaboration with our partners to provide Average training hours for employees
We hired 50,000 freshers in the year. Trainees
program aims at upskilling or reskilling existing Men 129.0
can also choose learning paths in Lex, our
employees and sets the tone for lifelong 14,800 Women 132.7
internal learning platform, based on their
learning. interest areas, and equip themselves with Lex courses Total 130.5
internal certifications to move faster in their
careers. In the recent past, generative AI and
prompt engineering-related topics have been
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 26
Enabling digital talent at scale Social
Our learning efforts won us accolades from Learnship, and more offer insights into various
Brandon Hall, ATD Best, Training Apex, and domain and technology trends through
NASSCOM, who recognized the Education, masterclasses by recognized academia and
ESG REPORT 2022-23 Training and Assessment (ETA) team as the industry experts. Virtual practice environments
Cloud Innovator of the Year. Avasant and include programming challenges and
Nelson Hall continue to rate our digital learning assessments.
capabilities in the highest quadrant.
Technical and behavioral competency
Clients development is done through focused
learning interventions including CodersZen,
Infosys Wingspan, our learning solution for A Millennials Dream, Career Compass, Catch
clients, has helped companies strengthen Them Young, and more.
their employees' digital capability. Infosys
Faculty members at academic institutions can
Wingspan, a one-of-a-kind cloud and mobile-
get certified and learn from experts through
first platform, provides seamless interactive
faculty enablement programs and can use the
learning experiences, which has accelerated
platform to provide an engaging experience
organizations’ transformation journeys.
for their students.
We have also extended Infosys Wingspan to
Educational institutions can use the platform
meet the requirements of talent development
to bring industry-relevant curriculum through
in the healthcare sector this year. With Infosys
rich content available on Infosys Springboard
Wingspan, clients do away with reinventing
and monitor the learning progress of their
the wheel completely. The client workforce
students through the platform.
gains from a learner-centric experience,
including setting ‘learning goals,’ receiving
An Infosys Springboard briefing session at an institution in Uttar Pradesh
recommendations based on ‘interests’,
practicing skills in fail-safe virtual lab them and amplifying their potential. Infosys
environments, getting assessed and tracking Springboard promises to be a game changer
their learning achievements and proficiencies. thanks to Infosys’ competency development
The social and mentoring aspects of the lineage, active content curation, and ability to
Wingspan learning experience also encourage support additional learning needs. It is aligned
peer learning. Client leaders can use Wingspan with India’s National Education Policy 2020 to
to communicate with all employees via live provide easily accessible, affordable, high-
streaming. quality and accountable education.
The platform is available in English and all
Community
major Indian regional languages, including
Sanskrit and Urdu.
Infosys Springboard, India
The platform, powered by Infosys Wingspan,
In alignment with the Infosys ESG Vision
is available free of cost to any curious learner
2030 to enable digital skilling at scale, Infosys
from Class 6 to lifelong learners.
aims to empower over 10 million people
with digital and life skills by 2025 through its Immersive learning experiences together with
initiative Infosys Springboard. This initiative a host of benefits including curated world-class
has been crafted to meet opportunities for content through partnerships with top content
honing skills in learners and empowering providers like Coursera, Skillsoft, Techademy,
Student interaction on Infosys Springboard offerings at an institution in Kerala
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 27
Enabling digital talent at scale Social
ESG REPORT 2022-23
An Infosys Springboard briefing and Soft skills training in a law college in Bengaluru
The platform offers a choice-based credit technology and domain were conducted by affiliated colleges. Faculty enablement is also 10 state institutions, in India, have adopted
system for academic institutions to use in experts from Infosys and the industry as part of supported by Infosys’ subject matter experts. Infosys Springboard in fiscal 2023. One of the
their curriculum for industry interventions this initiative. states has leveraged Infosys Springboard to
Mentor-guided online internships have been
like assessments/assignments and credits for enable more than one lakh teachers.
Through our engagement with content introduced this fiscal and two batches of the
self-paced learning. Virtual/digital classroom
partners, there are 12,000+ industry program were completed successfully. More In fiscal 2023, Infosys Foundation established
capabilities can be leveraged by institutions to
standard courses with curated learning paths than 50 industry-relevant projects, with a five STEM labs in Ramakrishna Schools under
conduct online classes. Video-proctored exams
recommended by the states to enhance the duration of 10 to 12 weeks, have been offered the Infosys Foundation-Ramakrishna Mission
and assessment environments can be used to
industry-readiness of the learners. As part of with a dedicated Infosys subject matter expert scholarships and STEM education program.
conduct online examinations.
our enhanced efforts, we are working with as a mentor. Students also earn credits after Another 30 labs are under progress. Makers
Amplifying adoption in colleges and schools education departments and universities to successfully completing the projects. labs are physical incubation centers equipped
integrate these courses into the curriculum. with all the emerging technologies. They
An MoU with the All India Council for Technical Curriculum for STEM subjects is now available
facilitate a great hands-on learning experience
Education (AICTE) has accelerated the adoption A leading university has introduced job and on Infosys Springboard, for students from the
for students.
of the platform by educational institutions. skill-oriented programs in the Computer Classes 6 to 10 for both CBSE and ICSE streams.
Science and Information Technology A series called ‘Young Professional’ introduces
20+ collaborated events with universities,
curriculum, which is being used by 250+ school learners to various industry domain
government entities, and masterclasses in
areas.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 28
Social
Tech for good
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Technology presents innumerable opportunities to resolve some of the world’s most challenging
issues. At Infosys, we are committed to scaling impact and empowering lives through leveraging
digital technology in the areas of e-governance, healthcare, and education.
Digital shared infra for social good Tech for good in e-governance
Our focus on digital infrastructure as a service (IaaS) seeks to empower social foundations and Infosys has embarked on country-wide projects in e-governance. We have joined hands with
entrepreneurs to help expand the impact of their efforts. This infrastructure includes the Super various governments to transform the way government organizations interact with citizens,
App framework and various microservices for engagement, learning, campaigns, surveys, job businesses, and other government entities. The goal is to make government services more
marketplace, surveillance, case management, supplier management, telemetry, reporting and accessible, efficient, and responsive to the needs of citizens. Infosys is leading this in India with
analytics. A modular approach allows these services to be combined and configured on our Super its ongoing projects in e-governance including income tax, Goods and Services Tax (GST) and
App mobile application to meet the needs of social entrepreneurs. customs.
Infosys Hyderabad - Gachibawli
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 29
Tech for good Social
Indian customs portal MOSIP
Indian Customs Electronic Data Interchange Infosys has partnered with the International
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Gateway (ICEGATE) is the national portal of the Institute of Information Technology, Bengaluru
Indian Customs of the Central Board of Indirect (IIIT-B) to support the Modular Open Source
Taxes and Customs (CBIC) that provides e-filing Identity Platform (MOSIP). MOSIP is a global
services to trade, cargo carriers, and other digital public good project anchored by IIIT-B.
trading partners electronically. ICEGATE serves It helps governments implement a digital
as an interface between the trade users and foundational identity in a vendor-neutral,
the customs department and acts as a hub for interoperable and cost-effective manner.
exchanging information with external trading MOSIP is currently being adopted by more than
partners involved in international trade. Infosys 10 countries, either as national rollouts or as
is currently maintaining and enhancing the pilots. Infosys is contributing to a few modules
existing ICEGATE1.0 and has received positive as part of the tech for good effort. Through this
feedback from users. The bigger scope of partnership, Infosys will contribute towards
Income tax Goods and Services Tax work for Infosys is to develop ICEGATE 2.0 ID-led transformation efforts on a national
involving technology transformation to a scale.
Network (GSTN)
microservices / API-based architecture along
The Integrated E-Filing and Central Processing
with enhanced and new functionalities to build
Center program takes the tax automation
journey, which started 10 year ago, to the next Infosys partnered with the GSTN to a more efficient, transparent, contactless, and
level. The program not only integrates filing implement and manage the indirect taxation paperless ecosystem.
and processing into a single platform, it also platform for GST in India. The platform was
brings innovation to each of the layers. In filing, designed to assist taxpayers in preparing,
the focus was on simplification and scale. With filing returns, making payments of indirect Impact:
innovative features like tax wizard, mobile tax liabilities, and maintaining additional
~1.6 lakh
application and pre-fill of tax forms, the new compliances. This unique and complex IT
portal makes it easier and more convenient project established a uniform interface for
for taxpayers to file their income tax returns taxpayers under indirect taxes, which was registered
and access related services. In processing the achieved through a common and shared IT
entire engine was redesigned with modern infrastructure between the central and state
technology tools and patterns resulting in governments. This has significantly simplified users with around
dramatic reduction in wait time for release of the tax compliance process for taxpayers, by
refunds (from 79 days to 7 days). reducing the burden of maintaining separate 90 lakh enquiries
systems and complying with varying state-
level tax regulations, and has made it easier
Impact:
for taxpayers to maintain their tax records
~100mn accurately.
registered users
~14mn
Impact: taxpayers
supported and serviced by the
GSTN platform so far
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 30
Social
Diversity, equity and inclusion
ESG REPORT 2022-23
At Infosys, we work to build and sustain an inclusive, non-discriminatory and equal opportunity Building cultures of inclusion Our ERGs include
workplace with the vision of taking everyone forward. Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI)
vision is an integral part of the Infosys Code of Conduct and Ethics contained in the powerful tenet and belonging Infosys Women’s Inclusivity
of 'Respecting each other'. Network (IWIN) for women
employees and their allies
Learning
DEI governance
Some of our many DEI partnerships
A dedicated learning channel on Diversity,
iPride for members of the
include: Equity and Inclusion (DEI) in Lex contains a
Our ESG ambition commits to strengthening LGBTQ+ community
plethora of learning modules, certifications and
diversity, equity and inclusion in the Company and their allies
IN THE US experience-sharing through human libraries,
and achieving 45% women in our workforce
blogs and leadership talks.
by 2030. DEI goals are a part of the corporate • Black Tie Dinner, Inc • Thurgood Marshall
scorecard and flow into leader and manager • FairyGodBoss College Fund (TMCF) Award for Excellence Multicultural ERG (MERG) to
celebrate a multicultural
goal sheets. DEI Councils at the global, business • InHerSight • Women in Technology
International (WITI) workforce and enable
unit, location and Geo levels provide a rich • National Black MBA An award category for DEI in the prestigious collaboration across cultures
matrix of responsibilities and relationships (NSBMBA) • Women of Color STEM Infosys Awards for Excellence (AFE) inspires DEI
Conference (WOC)
to collaborate on the strategic intent of the • RecruitMilitary – Focus commitment and action.
organization to build inclusion for everyone. on hiring Veterans iBELIEVE for our
DEI Councils at Geos enable us to be responsive IN INDIA Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) Black employees and the
Black diaspora
and tap into the ‘local’ diversity needs of • Pride Circle Beyond leadership commitment and policy,
employees in the Geo. Diversity Councils • Periferry • Jobs for Youth there is a larger focus on where employees
comprise members from business and enabler • Solidarity Foundation • Enable India experience inclusion in their everyday Family Matters, focusing on
functions, who work under the leadership of a • American India • Giftabled workplace, interacting with colleagues and building awareness on
Diversity Council Head. Periodic reviews enable Foundation • NASSCOM DEI Council immediate teams. To strengthen these micro parenting, relationships,
teams to enhance the effectiveness of their • Sarthak India • CII DEI Council ecosystems, ERGs act as huge enablers. health and wellness
efforts.
IN AUSTRALIA
InfyVets for Infoscions
• Australian Network on Disability (AND)
Our global memberships who are military veterans
8 ERGs
and their allies
DEI leadership tool
Signatory to the
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
The DEI leadership tool provides DEI-related To strengthen inclusion Young Employees
Signatory to the UN Women’s data 24*7 to business and HR leadership to and belonging. Network(YEN) for the young
Empowerment Principles (WEP) facilitate timely decision-making on hiring, and young at heart
growth and retention of the diverse talent
Signatory to UN Fair and
pool.
Equal (LGBTQ+ Charter for Business)
InfyAbility for employees with
Founder member of WEF Partnering for 75+ Data points on gender disabilities and their allies
Racial Justice in Business available in the tool.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 31
Diversity, equity and inclusion Social
Women Parental leaves 2. Orbit Next is a year-long program for
high-performing women in the middle
management level. The current cohort
In fiscal 2023, the return to work post maternity
ESG REPORT 2022-23 includes 1,200 women high performers.
and development and specific interventions program ensured 99% women returned
39.4 Women in the workforce The program has four key levers – a profile
% for women in navigating their personal and to work and 68% are continuing in their assessment through business simulation by
in fiscal 2023 professional ambitions. professional journeys with us after 12 months
DDI India, interventions to strengthen the
of resuming work. A total of 6,713 men and
International Women’s Day 2023 with the digital quotient levels through additional
6,976 women availed parental leave.
A signatory to the UN Women’s Empowerment theme ‘Embrace Equity’ was celebrated across reskilling and upskilling, Tech Talks by
Principles (WEP), our efforts on gender Infosys. More than 30 campaigns, 50 panel Focusing on women’s subject matter experts and an Impact to
diversity in the workplace emphasize the discussions and a 100 guest speakers, including Elevate program to hone leadership skills.
participation of women in technology, clients, experts and leaders, made the occasion career progression
management and leadership. Our workplace memorable.
policies and investments focus on learning Some of our interventions in fiscal 2023 26 of women
%
1. IamtheFuture is an integrated program, in
collaboration with Stanford, designed to from the Orbit Next program
realize our ESG Vision 2030 of developing
have been promoted
women leaders who are not only
better prepared to take up expanded
responsibilities, but also inspire those who
3. TechCohere This program reaches out to
follow them. The program design is based
7,000+ engineers and focuses on nurturing
on three foundational pillars of accelerating
and building a vibrant, collaborative
the readiness of the leaders, fostering an
tech community of engineers, architects
inclusive ecosystem, and strengthening
and technologists to learn, share, teach,
the leadership pipeline. Since its inception
practice and refine architecture design and
in 2021, the program has received positive
software engineering practices. This year,
feedback from the participants, managers,
over 50 sessions and panel discussions
mentors, sponsors and leaders. Over 35,000
were conducted by women technologists.
learning hours have been invested by
participants. About 4,300 assignments have 11 37
been submitted and graded by Stanford.
Whitepapers PoVs
women leaders have authored by women were published
450
completed the
IamtheFuture program
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 32
Diversity, equity and inclusion Social
4. Women in Management (WIM) is an The program includes a component of learning Family matters
exclusive two-day program for women and competency-building, mentoring and
managers at Infosys. The program enables working on client projects to give these
ESG REPORT 2022-23 women managers to understand the professionals the support and confidence
challenges that might be keeping them required to transition back to their careers.
from progressing in their careers. This
External collaborations
program covers a series of modules on
making difficult choices, strengths-based
leadership, striking the right balance We encourage our women employees to
assertively, power of networking and more. participate in industry events as part of their
professional growth journeys. This enables
5. Women of Infy is a popular blog column on
them to strengthen their social interaction
InfyMe, the Infosys employee experience
skills and networks.
platform. It is a fortnightly showcase of
women at Infosys. Their stories of courage, EVEmpower Mentoring Initiative of
grit and accomplishment serve as a source Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) IWN
of inspiration for all employees. Southern Region, saw 30 women employees
from Infosys participate as mentors and
25+ Women of Infy mentees.
showcases
Women Wizards Rule Technology (W2RT)
is a year-long program in collaboration with
NASSCOM (National Association of Software
and Services Companies, India) to build a
talent pool of 10,000 women in the new and
emerging technologies for India. The program
has online learning content, industry mentors,
workshops led by industry leaders and hands-
on project opportunities. It also offers learners
access to conferences organized by NASSCOM.
Family Matters is an ERG that focuses on Our Mother’s Day special this year included
family, health and relationships. In addition sessions on different aspects of parenting,
Restart with Infosys to bringing to employees expert sessions in future of child safety, fertility care, pranic
these areas, it also serves as a great network healing, the impact of ‘atomic habits’, health-
102 Women
for employees on matters concerning family, related topics and more.
This unique program, launched in 2018, focuses
employees children’s education, health and relationships.
on hiring professionals who are on career
breaks. participated in the W2RT program
21+ Sessions conducted for
in fiscal 2023
employees globally
365 Women hired
through Restart with
Infosys in 2023
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 33
Diversity, equity and inclusion Social
Employees with disabilities LGBTQ+ Cultural diversity
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Our focused hiring and retention efforts for engine and exhaustive features that enable As a signatory to the UN Free & Equal, we are With over 160 nationalities in our workforce,
employees with disabilities have yielded intuitive data to facilitate accessibility committed to strengthening and supporting our DEI effort continues to focus on the
positive results. analysis. an inclusive workplace for members of the diversity of culture and experiences, enhancing
• External collaborations with our alliance LGBTQ+ community. We have curated three learning, awareness and collaboration across
Key efforts during the year
partners to strengthen our inclusion efforts. learning modules on our DEI learning channel employees and teams.
under the aegis of ‘Ally for Change,’ to build
• Digital Accessibility Learning – A digital • Launch of persons with disabilities Cross-cultural skills and learning
awareness and learning in the organization.
accessibility learning channel on Lex, internship program – The program focuses We make continued investments in cross-
our internal learning platform, has been on strengthening the talent pool of We celebrate important milestones, share cultural enablement through learning
launched. This contains learning modules, professionals for the industry and has seen personal stories through human libraries interventions. The Culture Café initiative is a
videos and certifications to enable great interest from the student community. and blogs. Interviews with experts and favorite with employees.
employees to gain a deeper understanding famous personalities from the community
Culture chats
of accessibility needs of people with Employees have are hosted on our DEI Learning Channel. We
disability and design inclusive solutions. 1,357 have launched Infosys’ first global virtual As part of this initiative, we help bridge culture
voluntarily disclosed gaps, enhance understanding of business
Infosys’ Accessibility Testing Tool (iATT) is Toastmasters Club for members of the iPride
listed as one of the w3.org’s recommended their disabilities ERG in response to the need for a safe platform culture and provide employees with an
opportunity to interact with their colleagues in
tools and is an intelligent accessibility to improve communication skills and build
other locations.
compliance analyzer with a robust rules leadership capabilities.
Global recognition
1. Infosys has been recognized as Top 10 Best 4. Infosys won the Advancement of Women 8. Infosys won the Asset Triple A ESG Awards 12. Infosys has achieved the #1 position in
Company for Women in India (BCWI) by in India Award sponsored by Credit Suisse 2022 for Diversity and Inclusion. two out of five leadership categories
Avtar & Seramount, 2022. We have also at the 2022 Community Business Awards. (Transparency and Social Impact) in the
9. Infosys won the ICAI Sustainability
been featured in the “100 Best – Hall of ‘ESG India Leadership Award 2022’
5. Infosys was named among the top Reporting Awards 2021-22 for Gender
Fame” for having made it to the list of top rankings by ESG Risk Assessments &
three employers for Building Disability Equality.
10 in five editions. Insights Limited.
Confidence in India at the 2022 Community
10. Infosys won the Economic Times Best
2. Infosys has been recognized as the Business Awards. 13. IamtheFuture program won the Brandon
Organisations for Women Award, 2023
Champion of Inclusion in the Most Hall Gold Award for Best Advance in
6. Infosys scored 100 / 100 in the Corporate
Inclusive Companies Index (MICI) by Avtar 11. Infosys has been certified by Australian Leadership Development for Women.
Equality Index (CEI) assessment for
& Seramount, 2022. Network on Disability (AND) as a Disability
LGBTQ+ Inclusion in the US, in 2022. 14. IamtheFuture won the Women Icons Asia
Confident Recruiter for 2022.
3. Infosys has been rated as “Most D&I Champions Award in the category of
7. Infosys is Silver Award winner in India
Noteworthy” Company by DiversityInc, advancement of women in 2022.
Workplace Equality Index (IWEI), 2022
USA.
awarded by Stonewall and Keshav Suri
Foundation.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 34
Social
Energizing local communities
ESG REPORT 2022-23
The world over, Infosys is committed to going telcos, retail, utilities, manufacturing, sports Labs in Melbourne and Sydney provide digital Young Change Agents (YCA): Infosys
local to strengthen its profile as an employer of tech and edu tech, among others. The Infosys innovation-as-a-service to participating established a partnership with YCA to
choice for employees and be a part of the local Living Labs will also enable Infosys partners to startups with a presence in Australia. collaborate and build an International
culture. test and incubate extended reality experiences Credential for Social Entrepreneurship with
CSR progams
in a 360-degree digital donut. It will bring the University of Melbourne and Telstra
91 together Infosys’ digital ecosystem including The Infosys Australia and New Zealand CSR Foundation.
% Local hires clients, partners, startups, academia and program is committed to providing pathways GovHack: This is the southern hemisphere’s
governments in a co-creation and collaboration
for underrepresented communities across largest open data hackathon designed to help
environment. There are over a 100 digital
the region through access to digital learning advance digital skills across the community in
APAC region experiences to draw from and solution and ‘bridge’ interventions. The program has Australia and New Zealand. This year, over 500
accelerators and services, which include
four broad focus areas, including education, people participated.
Infosys Metaverse Foundry, cloud services via
the indigenous support program, employee
Australia and New Zealand
Infosys Cobalt, cyber security, sustainability,
volunteering and initiatives for people with
edutech (digital learning) and co-creation
Living labs disability.
workshops with Infosys Consulting’s product
and portfolio development offerings. It will Education
Infosys launched its living labs in Melbourne
also feature WONGDOODY’s human experience
and Sydney, Australia, in 2022. The program
Future Leaders program: The Future Leaders
design expertise to elevate brand and business
is designed to help advance ESG and people-
program is designed to enable pathways to
interactions and virtual reality zones.
centric innovation in the region. Underpinned
learning and education for students including
by an ecosystem approach, the living labs will
students from regional locations. 30 students
enable a confluence of digital technologies engaged in the Victoria Springboard channel 5-years of GovHack with Infosys to advance digital skills
and human experience. Infosys partners will in Australia and New Zealand
page-built-Living Lab camp hosted in
be able to leverage solution accelerators, Melbourne. Partnership with Auckland University (NZ):
digital experiences, and frameworks to ideate, Infosys signed a funding agreement with
prototype and test innovations. Led by the Auckland University (NZ) to support Māori and
Infosys Centre for Emerging Technologies, Pacifica students in the faculties of science and
these solution accelerators leverage digital engineering. In addition, we offer mentoring
technologies including cloud, 5G, IoT, 3D, AI, support to these underrepresented student
cyber security, data and analytics, AR, VR and Andrew Groth, EVP Infosys and Region Head, Australia groups so that they complete their studies and
address industry use cases in financial services, and NZ, delivers the keynote address at the launch of the find pathways to employment.
Infosys Melbourne Living Lab
In October 2022, Infosys also extended its Biz Rebuild: Infosys partnered with Biz Rebuild.
living lab ecosystem to enterprise-ready This is a business-led initiative to provide
startups in Australia to accelerate their go to practical and on-the-ground assistance to small
market. On the Startup Day, startups from and local businesses left devastated by natural
the Infosys Innovation Network (IIN), with a disasters. In 2022, BizRebuild has provided
presence in Australia, had the opportunity to support in re-tooling and business advisory
pitch their products and services to Infosys’ vouchers to more than 1,500 small businesses
enterprise customers from the private sector, Future Leaders Program beneficiaries at the Australian in deluged communities across New South
Infosys Melbourne Living Lab Launch public sector and academia. Infosys Living Open 2023 Wales and Queensland.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 35
Energizing local communities Social
Indigenous support programs Initiatives for people with Veera: This program helps domestic violence EMEA
victims by empowering migrant women
disabilities
The Galuwa Program - Indigenous outreach
through awareness and support (education,
ESG REPORT 2022-23 and engagement: Galuwa is an outreach and Disability-confident recruiter: Infosys IT workshops, social campaigns, legal support UK
engagement program for indigenous youth
benefited from its long standing seven-year and more).
in Australia that focuses on deeper and more Infosys Springboard
partnership with the Australian Network on
meaningful engagement with high school Ozanam House (VIC): Infosys employees
Disability (AND) and was again recognized for Infosys has launched the Springboard platform
indigenous students through corporate continue to volunteer in providing support
the third year as a Disability Confident recruiter, for Sandwell Council in the West Midlands
and community partnerships. The program to Ozanam House which helps people
extending its commitment to the disabled and Brent Council in London as a part of our
engaged 35 students. experiencing homelessness (120 FTE days of
community. To increase and widen tennis fan social value commitment to provide free online
support was provided in fiscal 2023).
engagement for the Australian Open, Infosys digital learning platform to residents, schools
worked with Tennis Australia and updated Infosys China and colleges. The platform now has over 49,000
its Infosys MatchBeats technology to present registered users.
simplified game data and visualizations which
included contrasting color combinations GREEN AMBASSADOR | Museum of Memories Project
meeting Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Hangzhou DC
‘The Museum of Memories’ project for the
(WCAG) 2.1 AA.
The Infosys Hangzhou team and their families Dementia Research Institute was launched.
UTS Galuwa Program participants at Infosys' Sydney participated in a sustainability effort to clean a Focused on raising awareness around how
Living Lab section of the Wu Yun mountain. The 10-km-
dementia disproportionately affects women,
long drive took about five hours. The team
Yirigaa Project: This project focuses on WongDoody created the ‘Museum of Memories’
collected more than 10 bags of trash and
building digital skills among indigenous - a virtual museum that curates cherished
received huge appreciation from the locals.
students of the Yirigaa community. memories from women who have experienced
SPRING - Giving Tree Program: SPRING is an dementia. We brought their precious moments
Auckland City Mission: People approach the
employee-led team that supports various to life, in a way that’s not possible in the
mission when they need access to permanent
Disability Awareness: Infosys participated in philanthropic activities such as donation drives physical word and then stored these memories
and sustained housing, enough nutritious food
PACE mentoring program 2022 organized by for blood, books and computers. This year, the in the blockchain as ‘digital heirlooms’ so they
to eat, and when their physical and mental
AND. Two employees from Infosys mentored team organized the donation of 1,170+ laptops can never degrade or disappear.
health is compromised. Infosys contributed to
mentees with disability preparing them for across China.
the mission. The website also details positive lifestyle
professional life. Infosys’ participation also
Giving Tree – Since 2009, SPRING team and behaviour changes that aid in preventing
Tennis Australia (Play for Ukraine / UNICEF): helped broaden disability confidence and
Infosys China employees have supported the dementia in later life.
Infosys also supported Tennis Australia to help awareness among Infosys staff, while providing
Community Center, Shanghai (CCS) Giving Tree
those affected by the war in Ukraine. job seekers with disability exposure to the Supported by short documentaries, nationwide
charity program. Infosys China assisted 1,721
professional world. advertising placements, and an influencer
migrant / underprivileged students in need by
campaign we’ve seen an earned media reach of
Employee volunteering donated Giving Tree bags, filled with age and
125 million (including coverage in the UK’s BBC
gender-appropriate winter clothes and school
Radio) plus results from the social influencer
Mental Health Foundation Australia (MHFA): supplies.
work reaching 1,25,000 views, 15,000 likes and
Infosys provided support in helping establish
an average engagement rate of 10.5% (the
a network of services and support for MHFA
industry average is 4.5%).
patrons through awareness, multi-lingual
support, interactive voice-supported chatbot
and other technology solutions. We also
provided an interactive chatbot to help MHFA
'Tennis Plays for Peace', a fundraiser for Ukraine by
Tennis Australia and UNICEF, supported by Infosys. user queries. Over 6,00,000 queries were
responded to using this.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 36
Energizing local communities Social
France Germany Americas Infosys Springboard in the USA
Infosys, in partnership with the NGO LEPC, is Infosys participated in the ISG Research Day in In fiscal 2023, the Foundation expanded its
ESG REPORT 2022-23 contributing to digital inclusion in France. As a January 2023 in Seeheim-Jugenheim, Germany. Infosys Canada Infosys Springboard USA digital learning
partner of LEPC’s Innov’Avenir program, Infosys ISG and Infosys have partnered in the past in platforms to reach not only K-12 educators
In 2022, Infosys and the University of Alberta
is bridging the digital gap for students and France, Italy, Nordics and the UK. and students through the Pathfinders Online
renewed their agreement with the intent of
young adults, from marginalised areas, who Institute, but also to bring digital skills to
Otto Beisheim School of Management was cultivating the next generation of tech talent,
often lack knowledge and understanding of higher education learners and professionals
invited to the Infosys office in Düsseldorf. This spark innovation and advance opportunities,
the digital world and transformations. Infosys seeking to upskill in the latest technology
visit highlighted our commitment to building such as internships for the students. This
aims to add 1,000 beneficiaries to the program trends and leadership skills through the Digital
relationships with academic institutions and would be further enhanced by prioritizing
through training and coaching. Further, Infosys Academy.
showcasing our company culture and values to professional development and training
is aiming to extend the scope of the program
the next generation of professionals. opportunities for students. Digital Academy
to the Toulouse (south west France) area.
Several Infosys France volunteers also directly Partnership with Hackerschool Infosys has partnered with Calgary Economic The Digital Academy offers over 8,000 courses
contributed to training interventions in Development, a not-for-profit corporation in coding, data science, cyber security, machine
marginalised area high schools. The Hackerschool and Infosys teams met in funded by the City of Calgary for a multitude of learning, and AI, as well as critical leadership
Hamburg for the IT Strategic Days in February events related to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion skills that will help talent prepare for the
Les Pros dans ta Classe Initiative 2023 and planned joint activities including (DEI), indigenous communities, tech talent technology-enabled workforce. Through
Summer Schools for students in and around immigration, tech confluences and academia Springboard platforms, the Foundation
This is a digital inclusion program in the Paris, Düsseldorf at Infosys. associations. contributes to the Infosys ESG Vision 2030 goal
Marseille and Occitanie regions. With the
of reaching 10 million globally with digital skills
support of 18 employees, 13 sessions have Infosys USA
by 2025.
been conducted.
Infosys Foundation USA
Pathfinders Online Institute
Benelux
Infosys Foundation USA is committed to
During fiscal 2023, the Foundation curated 17
Infosys Benelux contributed to assisting expanding computer science and maker
new courses for the Pathfinders Online Institute
Ukrainian refugees by generously donating education to K-12 students and educators,
across a range of computer science subjects
over 100 food supplements. and delivering digital skills for all, particularly
such as cyber security, robotics, AI, and those at
The mayor of Düsseldorf and the head of the library
In Benelux, a partnership with local universities project visited the Infosys Innovation Lab in Düsseldorf, within under-represented communities. the intersection of arts and technology. These
Germany. Through its programming, signature initiatives
is helping us acquire local talents. In Belgium, offerings reflect a high degree of diversity
and the two digital learning platforms of
we have a tie-up with Antwerp Management Romania and inclusion, reaching underrepresented
Infosys Springboard USA, the Foundation
School. In the Netherlands, we have tied communities, such as neurodiverse students
up with Technische Universiteit Eindhoven In Romania, schools are invited to visit reached 1.3 million students and 44,000 and non-English language learners. Today, the
(Eindhoven Institute of Technology), University Company facilities. This helps us engage with educators in fiscal 2023, taking the total Pathfinders Online Institute hosts more than
of Amsterdam, Maastricht University, the local community and promote positive number of students reached to 24 million and 18,000 account holders.
Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus relationships with schools, students, and educators to over 1 million.
University and more. teachers.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 37
Energizing local communities Social
Below are highlights of these courses: Volunteering efforts On March 14, 2022, Infosys Foundation USA
sponsored a professional development event
• Coding music in Python:
Infosys Foundation USA made a concerted
from Firia Labs at the Infosys Phoenix Tech
Produced by Black Girls CODE and
ESG REPORT 2022-23 effort in fiscal 2023 to engage Infosys and Innovation Center in Tempe, Arizona. With
GoldieBlox, this course teaches middle
employees in the wider mission of tackling
support from Infosys volunteers, this in-person
and high school students basic Python
the digital skills gap through a series of
event brought 18 middle and high school
programming language through music.
Career Tech Talks; hosting micro:bit office
educators together for free training in Python
The modules cover a range of programming
hours during the International Day of the
code.
concepts, including function calls and
Girl; SDG-focused Design Thinking workshop;
arguments, assigning variables, and
mentoring the Infy App Challenge 4.0 NYC high
representing musical beats as strings, for
school students; delivering project feedback
loops, defining functions, reading input,
during the Kode with Klossy STEM summer
and if statements.
camps and capturing candid professional
• Cuantrix: advice in the Million Women Mentors video
Taught in both Spanish and English, series to encourage girls to pursue STEM
these modules were produced by Televisa careers. The CrossRoads 2023 conference in
Foundation and designed to engage Latinx Tempe, Arizona opened additional doors for
students in CS. 'Cuantrix Elementary' for employees to engage with the thought leaders
K-5 students teaches the basics of coding of K12 computer science and maker education
while 'Cuantrix Advanced,' covers more as video production assistants, Living Lab
advanced topics such as website coding, presenters and program implementation
app development, and AI for grades 6-10. support. These efforts not only help empower
• Digital empowerment for your future: and inspire future generations, but also foster
This course, produced by scholars from Tech a sense of community and purpose among
Kids Unlimited, was specifically designed Infosys employees.
both by and for neurodiverse students.
Additional spotlight projects are captured
The innovative curriculum equips teachers
below:
with the necessary tools to effectively
teach neurodiverse students about In early 2022, 27 Infosys volunteers provided
online safety, privacy, recognizing scams IT Career Talks about Data, AI and Digital
and misinformation, and smart security Transformation to over 60 high school students During the past year, over 30 Infosys mentors 13 Infosys volunteers delivered a series of
practices. in the newly launched school, Newark School provided professional and academic guidance virtual 'Infy Tech Talks' to 359 NYC high school
of IT and Data Science, in Newark.
• Cyber A.C.E.S.: to more than 115 NYC-based high school students as part of our ongoing partnership
This cyber security course, produced by students, as they designed an app that with the non-profit PENCIL where they shared
Palo Alto Networks, aims to demystify cyber addresses a societal challenge as part of personal and professional insights to students
security through interactive learning by the 'Infy App Challenge 3.0'. Additionally, potentially pursuing careers in tech.
equipping kids in the age group of 5-15 throughout the 2022 Spring semester,
with the resources to have safer online
experiences, become good digital citizens,
and protect their digital future.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 38
Energizing local communities Social
From June 20 to July 1, 2022, the Foundation Infosys employees provided support to an During CSEdWeek in December 2022, the
sponsored a two-week STEM camp in in-person hackathon, hosted by the Televisa Foundation, in partnership with Learning
partnership with Kode with Klossy at the Foundation, serving 54 Latinx students in Blade and Million Women Mentors, produced
ESG REPORT 2022-23 Infosys Technology and Innovation Center Phoenix, Arizona. The 'Ready.Set.Code.' the ‘Women in CS’ video series featuring four
in Raleigh, North Carolina. The camp was hackathon provided students with valuable employees who shared their career stories
designed for middle and high school girls, technological insights through workshops on and encouraged young women to pursue
gender non-conforming, and transgender Design Thinking and machine learning. STEM careers. Infosys women leaders, Lopa
teenagers to learn basic coding skills and Mahapatra, Raje Ganesan, Kavitha Ganesh, and
complete a group project showcasing their Jayashree Sridharan, shared candid insights
skills and passion. We were thrilled to have about their own professional journeys.
10 employees give their time, insights and
support to these young future computer
scientists during the 'Pitch Party' and the
'Career Tech Panel' led by Foundation Executive
Director Kate Maloney.
On October 11, 2022, the Foundation
celebrated the International Day of the Girl
in the Infosys World Trade Center office to
promote the empowerment of young girls. We
were honored to host an interactive Design
Thinking workshop for over 35 NYC-based
middle school girls. Four Infosys volunteers
shared career advice on a 'Tech Career Talk' and
The Foundation served as the official STEM
mentored the students during the workshop.
sponsor for the Thurgood Marshall College
Fund’s annual Teacher Quality Retention
Program (TQRP) Summer Institute in July 2022.
At the event, Foundation ED Kate Maloney
moderated a 'Tech Career Talk' with Infosys
The Foundation delivered a successful Infosys Phoenix Technology and Innovation
ERG I-Believe representatives, Nicole Kilby
CrossRoads 2023 program in February, where Center working to shift the landscape of
and Kenneth Barry.
over 200 passionate educators, thought K-12 computer science education. 26 Infosys
leaders and implementers of computer employees volunteered and made the event a
science and maker education gathered at the success.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 39
Social
Employee wellness and experience
ESG REPORT 2022-23
For over 40 years, Infosys has set the pace in delivering excellence for clients, valuing employees Our purpose For us at Infosys, the purpose conversation
as our greatest asset, and being a responsible community stakeholder, while embracing best has moved from 'why' to 'how.' We are
practices in corporate governance and ethics. implementing programs, policies and ways
To amplify human potential and create the
of working that bring our purpose more alive
next opportunity for people, businesses, and
than ever, inspiring employees to carry it
communities.
into every client engagement and individual
Our people are crucial to our purpose. To meet interaction.
the challenges that our industry, clients, and
Read more in our Talent Pulse Report 2023
society face at large, we need people who
function at their best, creating and developing
opportunities to move us all forward.
Deeply tied to our purpose are principles that
guide our behavior. We express those as C-LIFE:
Client value, Leadership by example, Integrity
and transparency, Fairness and Excellence.
These principles permeate everything we
do. They are deeply embedded in our teams,
upheld by leaders across the organization, and
readily recognized by every employee.
We call our employees ‘Infoscions’ because they
are the true custodians of the culture, legacy,
and purpose of Infosys worldwide.
Key highlights
1,14,852 new hires in
Total number of employees
fiscal 2023
3,43,234
91 77
% %
82 employee local hires across senior management
%
satisfaction score geographies personnel hired locally
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 40
Employee wellness and experience Social
Creating employee experience and a unified experience around development, Digital-first, personalized employee life cycle application
performance and careers. We are leveraging
through digital transformation the power of the Live Enterprise platform
We have transformed ourselves into a Live Enterprise, offering digital-first personalized experience
ESG REPORT 2022-23 to enable timely nudges around actions,
for our employees across life-cycle events. We used our Live Enterprise suite of technologies for
We are committed to creating a world-class performance and development. this. Some of our offerings that deliver employee experience are listed below:
experience for our employees. We believe this We are also focused on automation of backend,
will inspire employees to deliver their best administrative activities that can free up Employee journey map
for our clients. As our employees develop a HR personnel and enable them to focus on
digital future for our clients, we want them to enhancing employee experience and forming
experience the same in their day-to-day work strategic partnerships with business. An ATTRACT OFFBOARDING
at Infosys. Hence, the digitization of human example of this is Launchpad, our onboarding ▪ Talent management system ▪ Offboarding system
resources processes and practices becomes platform, which has enabled us to digitize our ▪ Candidate experience ▪ Alumni portal
a critical lever to create a great workplace onboarding process. This mobile-based app ▪ Automated workflows and self-service
experience. provides a guided flow that helps new hires ▪ Social media listening
Transforming the employee experience at scale initiate their onboarding process, complete ▪ Hackathon
▪ InfyTQ and Infosys Springboard
in a company of more than 3,43,000 people all the necessary documentation and data CAREERS AND REWARDS
spread across 56 countries is only possible updates before their date of joining. With all ▪ FLUID - Digital marketplace
through technology. For us, digitization was operational processes taken care of prior to ▪ Skill Tags - Digital career maps and skills
the only way forward. We are reimagining joining, employees are engaged in a more ONBOARDING ▪ Accelerate - Gig work opportunities
experience using a combination of process meaningful way with managers, teams and HR ▪ Launchpad, e-joining and more ▪ Step Up - Internal movements and skilling
busting, automation and digital transformation from Day 1. ▪ E-docket digital records ▪ Stripes - Centralized reward management
in people practices to create consumer-grade In addition to the above, we are making our ▪ QuickStart new joiner experience
▪ Cohorts - Mentoring and communities
digital experience for our employees. Through systems smarter with:
▪ Surveys and feedback
digitization, we are simplifying our processes, PERFORMANCE ENGAGEMENT
• Nudges to managers and employees to
eliminating unnecessary approval steps ▪ iCount - Continuous feedback
drive the right behavior on closures and
and leading straight through processing. ▪ Smart goals and evaluations
guide managers to take the right decisions
An example of this is InfyMe, our mobile- DEVELOPMENT ▪ Mcode - Manager enablement
in matters like role change, retention, etc.
first, self-service platform that brings all ▪Lex - Anytime-anywhere learning
services to our employees’ fingertips anytime, • Chatbots that provide instant resolutions to ▪CARA - e-coaching
anywhere. InfyMe is designed to be intuitive queries and transactions
▪Zoiee - Digital learning assistant ENGAGEMENT
and contextual and aids networking and • Omni-channel experience for employees to ▪Atlas - Learning maps ▪ InfyMe - Employee experience app
collaboration. We continued to enrich our get on call support using a conversational ▪People Dashboard and Data Village - ▪ Power Teams - Collaboration forums
InfyMe app with more services that enable IVR that uses natural language voice inputs Analytics and Insights ▪ iEngage - Communication framework
teams to operate, connect and collaborate from callers to direct them to the right ▪ RISE - Celebration and rewards
easily and it is particularly effective in the agents for support ▪ HALE - Wellbeing and care
hybrid work model. More than 200 touchpoints • Self-service portals ▪ Pulse - Employee feedback and culture sensing
for activities have been merged into the ▪ Chatbot - COVID-19 support
• Robotic process automations in people
intuitive interface of InfyMe.
processes to reduce manual work
We are making our performance appraisal
process light, easy and convenient. As a first
step, we have introduced a senior management
review interface on InfyMe. Through this, we
are enabling an enhanced user experience,
faster navigation, seamless data integration
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 41
Employee wellness and experience Social
Reinvigorating culture in a Nurturing great managers Leadership development
Infosys Manager Code
hybrid workplace
It is our managers who develop and mentor The Infosys Leadership Institute (ILI) is
ESG REPORT 2022-23 Be the Voice of the Team
teams while making a world of opportunities ▪ Encourage PULSE feedback. dedicated to supporting leaders to embrace
Employee experience is significantly influenced available to them. Preparing managers to ▪ Represent Infosys to your team. larger responsibilities and challenges, grow to
by how they perceive organizational culture. lead amid change and emerging industry ▪ Celebrate the EVP and Involve be future ready and positively influence their
the team in the journey.
In the hybrid world, it has become increasingly challenges is crucial to our success. teams, clients and the communities in which
important to strengthen and reinforce our we operate. ILI’s charter is to enable leaders
culture so that it is experienced uniformly and We launched our flagship management Be the Navigator to be aligned with business, remain agile
initiative, the Infosys Great Manager Program, ▪ Provide opportunities and
positively by employees – remote or in office. encourage participation. and continuously explore new and impactful
to help prepare all our managers for the rapidly
▪ Increase the Digital Quotient score. developmental efforts.
5 C engagement model changing work environment. With input from ▪ Conduct effective career conversation
Cornell University, the program facilitates and aspiration management. Read more.
immersive development and nurtures four
CONNECT
crucial skills: digital mindset, leadership, Be a Lifelong Learner and Teacher
We have created common engagement
business acumen and operational excellence. ▪ Encourage learning and use of platforms.
platforms that allow us to onboard
▪ Navigate capability development.
new employees quickly. By mastering these, our managers enhance ▪ Create opportunities and
their technical expertise and acquire soft enable internal mobility.
COLLABORATE skills that enable them to have wide-reaching
influence.
We are driving team collaboration through
Power Teams - a knowledge sharing sessions Leave No One Out
initiative, investing in collaboration tools to Infosys Manager Code ▪ Create a psychologically safe workplace.
▪ Support team integration and inclusivity.
recreated the physical workplace experience,
▪ Be open to ideas and opinions.
and providing resources to our managers to For the third consecutive year, Infosys is among
lead teams remotely. the Top 50 Companies with Great Managers
2022 in India, through the Great Manager
Connect, Empathize and Recognize
CELEBRATE Awards conducted by People Business and
▪ Intervene based on performance
We celebrate our people's successes with Economic Times. and people.
rewards that are real, instant, specific, ▪ Express gratitude.
The Infosys Manager Code are guiding ▪ Focus on wellbeing and health.
and exciting (RISE framework).
principles on how to become a good manager.
CARE It is a comprehensive guide for any manager Collaborate to Win
The Infosys Leadership Institute centre in Infosys Mysuru
who would want to set an example for his ▪ Contribute to the organization’s objective.
The wellbeing of Infoscions is our priority,
and we encourage our managers to build team members, especially in this rapidly ▪ L h e y v b e ri r d a g c e o l v la a b ri o o r u a s t i p o l n a . tforms for
strong personal relationships, create transforming and ever-competitive business ▪ Lead the team to get recognition
mutual trust, and be more empathetic. landscape. A flipbook with enablement in internal and external awards.
kits, leader blogs, manager enablement
CULTURE sessions, inspiring stories of ‘Awesome
Live CLIFE
We encourage inclusive and diverse Bosses’, communication toolkits to manage
▪ Motivate to go the extra mile for clients.
thinking, ensure a healthy work lifestyle, the pandemic were some of our stand-out ▪ Lead by example.
and drive the company values of C-LIFE interventions. ▪ Be fair and transparent.
among our people.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 42
Employee wellness and experience Social
Occupational Health and Safety a. Risk management
Ozone is based on the Demings cycle controls are implemented, the document is
ESG REPORT 2022-23 Safety and well-being at the workplace is the processes instituted through certifications and has a focused risk-based approach in revisited to assess the residual risks. A ranking
an important consideration in a responsible but has also fostered a culture of safety and
ensuring identification and implementation is done based on the severity and probability
business and Infosys accords the highest well-being across the organization. We ensure
of operational controls in line with hierarchy of the risk. The Occupational Health and
priority to this aspect. The Health, Safety and adherence to all applicable regulations in all
and effective mitigation of hazards. Risk Safety (OH&S) hazards in the workplace are
Environmental (HSE) Management System the regions we operate across the globe. We
assessment is proactively conducted to communicated to all concerned stakeholders
at Infosys termed ‘Ozone’ is driven by the consciously strive to ensure zero accidents,
identify hazards for all existing / new / who are also consulted when there are
Management commitment, legal requirements physical and emotional well-being, and safety
modified activities, processes, products or changes in operations. Relevant OH&S hazards
and expectations of our stakeholders. Ozone of our stakeholders.
services and the implementation of measures are identified, and appropriate operational
has not only enabled us to obtain assurance on
to minimize or control impacts and monitor controls are implemented. During training,
them in a structured manner. Risk assessment the hazards are shared along with directions
Management System is proactively conducted on a yearly basis on ways to reduce the risk. Employees are also
or at the beginning of a new process or consulted during development and review
activity. Reactive risk assessments are also of policies and procedures to manage risks.
The robust management system has enabled Officer. The effectiveness and adequacy of
carried out at least once every quarter based Emergency response procedures for different
us achieve certification to ISO 45001:2018 the HSE framework, its execution and HSE
on incidents that have occurred during the scenarios are established and mock drills are
and ISO 14001:2015 standards across all India performance are evaluated through periodic
period. Hazardous conditions present are conducted to evaluate our preparedness,
locations, including Infosys Limited and its management reviews. The internal-external
identified and prioritized for elimination response and learnings.
subsidiaries, in line with our HSE strategy. The issues and opportunities for the organizational
and control. Once the identified hierarchy of
management system is implemented across context are identified. Interested parties
locations globally based on applicable legal (including all our stakeholders), their
requirements and internal benchmarks and needs and expectations, our expectations,
are a part of our internal audit coverage. At legal requirements, owners and mode of
the helm of our Health, Safety, Environment communication are also documented. Some of act L iv is it t ies h Id a e z n a t r i d fy s L r is is t k a s ll e Id x e is n t t in if g y Ev a a n lu d a te una Id cc e e n p ti t f a y ble ad Id d e i n ti t o if n y al re D s e id ta u i a l l R m is a k nagement
Management System (HSEMS) is our Executive the elements of the management system are controls rate risk hazards controls risk
Vice President-Finance and Chief Risk listed below:
PLAN DO CHECK ACT
b. Incident management chair the safety committee meetings at their
• Policy & Strategy • Competency and • Performance • Continual respective locations in India. In our overseas
• Leadership Awareness Monitoring Improvement Incidents which include near misses / potential offices, these committees are formed based
Commitment • Documentation • Audits • Non-Conformity and hazards / accidents are reported through on the local legislations. The representation
• Organization Roles, • Communication • Compliance Corrective actions internal applications, supervisors, or mails. Root of employees in safety committees is 100%.
Responsibility and Evaluation • Incident Management causes of incidents are identified, analyzed The committee ensures the establishment,
• Resources
Accountability and appropriate corrective actions are taken implementation, maintenance, and continual
• Management
• Risk Management • Operational Controls Reviews to avoid recurrence or occurrence of incidents improvement of processes needed for the
• Emergency Response leading to injuries / losses. elimination of hazards and minimization of
• Objectives & Targets
risks. Contract workers are also an intrinsic part
• Action plan c. Occupational Health and Safety
of the committee, which is one of the ways to
(OH&S) Committees
ensure participation and consultation.
OH&S Committees comprising cross-functional
teams are established at each of our campuses
and offices. The Development Center Heads
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 43
Employee wellness and experience Social
d. Training and awareness care to procure systems which have inbuilt controls implemented and the same is time, and developing and sharing strategies
features that help avoid glare and hence communicated to all concerned to eliminate, mitigate or reduce those risks.
Embedding HSE culture in the organization reduce such instances. Sessions on ergonomics • Health promotion programs are conducted • Employees are required to report all
ESG REPORT 2022-23 necessitates competency development. help address work-related conditions such as to encourage employee involvement in incidents to the HSE team to establish
Training needs are identified based on myalgia. Ergonomic incidents reported are health and safety. A Safety Week and Health and implement operational controls to
the nature of jobs, which may have a treated and exercise regimens suggested. Week are conducted annually. avoid the recurrence of the incidents and
significant impact on the environment or During fiscal 2023, 39 occupational ergonomics • Employees, including contract workmen, aid in elimination of unsafe behavior and
may pose occupational health and safety issues were reported. are entrusted with the responsibility of conditions.
risks. Training includes awareness building,
Various interventions on physical and participation in the ongoing HSE activities. • The expectation from employees is to
mock drills, classroom sessions and periodic
emotional well-being were enabled under Employees are encouraged to participate participate in the emergency mock drills
demonstrations. HSEMS training is also a part
the aegis of our HALE / SAFE initiatives during in the process of reviewing risks in their and report or identify learnings which need
of our employee induction program. To enable
the year. Well-equipped occupational health respective areas of operations from time to to be addressed.
continuous learning, a HSE awareness module
centers / physiotherapy facilities are available
is available on Lex, our internal learning
platform. Job-specific and generic trainings on our campuses in India. The telemedicine Various employee engagement activities are conducted to enhance awareness on HSE:
portal through which employees can consult
are conducted for contractual staff during
our occupational health center doctors online Road Safety Week (India locations):
induction and later through refresher training.
was operational in India during the year. In January, programs were conducted as part of the Road Safety Week, which included
e. Health and safety interventions Behavior-Based Safety (BBS) programs include – Sessions articulating the importance of road safety
BBS observation for contract staff, periodic – Communication to employees on defensive driving
We have always focused on building a culture
inspections, trainings, observations from mock
of safety at Infosys. Individual responsibility
drills and employee engagement programs.
for safety is always emphasized. Safety in the
workplace is one of the highest priorities. f. Participation and consultation
Systems have been established to ensure the
The process includes:
same, including work permits, trainings, Lock
out, Tag out (LOTO), safety inspections, audits, • Employee consultation in development
operational controls and monitoring. Policies and review of policies and procedures to
and processes, which cover various aspects of manage risks
safety, have been established. These include
• Consultation where there are any changes
women’s safety, lone working, transport,
that affect workplace health and safety;
travel and construction, among others. Gaps,
a management of change procedure is in
learnings, deviations and findings, if any, are
place to address health and safety issues
identified, controls implemented and tracked
before a change occurs
for effective closure. As Infosys is an IT / ITES
• Representation of employees in health
company, there are no product risks but there
and safety matters; the Safety Committee
are risks including those related to provision of
includes employee and contract workmen
services like ergonomics, emotional well-being,
representatives
risks associated with operation of utilities,
commute. We have established numerous • The OH&S hazards in the workplace are
initiatives, interventions, virtual sessions, and communicated to all concerned including
process controls to address them. Awareness contractors and visitors. They are also
sessions are conducted for ergonomics across consulted when there are changes in
locations. Workstations and furniture are operations and the relevant OH&S hazards
designed and procured after considering their are identified, appropriate operational
ergonomic advantages. We have also taken
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 44
Employee wellness and experience Social
National Safety Week (India locations): Health Assessment and We have tailored HALE with high-touch
During March, the National Safety Week was and high-tech elements to provide the best
observed with the following programs: Lifestyle Enrichment (HALE) working experience for our employees.
ESG REPORT 2022-23
– Communication and endorsement of the
safety pledge by employees We continuously strive towards enhancing Digital well-being
– Quiz competitions designed to test the the well-being experience for our employees
knowledge of employees about safety through our HALE program that is aimed at • Holistic Wellness Platform
measures and to create awareness on increased awareness and overall well-being • Expert talks from professionals
safety practices resulting in good health, reduced stress • Round-the-clock access to qualified
levels, safe work environment and improved
– Poster competitions aimed at counselors
productivity levels.
encouraging people to express their
Emotional well-being
creativity while promoting safety Striking a balance between work and life,
– Safety slogan competition where our multi-faceted approach to addressing • HALE Heal-A-thon: A series of
participants came up with creative and corporate and individual needs helps us masterclasses dedicated to help
impactful slogans achieve conclusive results for the organization, employees get through some of the
while embracing a diverse workforce. At most challenging times
– Medical camps covering general health
check-up, eye checks, blood sugar Infosys, we strive to improve every day in the • POSITRONS: An intervention to train
monitoring etc., to promote physical life of every employee, and wellness is an peers to offer strong support to their
well-being of employees important element. project teams
HALE has a three-tiered sustainable model to
– In-house training sessions by the HSE • Enabling the enablers: Connects
help employees in their journey to wellness.
teams on topics such as first aid, fire sessions and workshops with
safety, ergonomics, construction safety, counselors and experts
TIER 1 - Self-help
road safety and electrical safety • Grief counseling
– Safety mailers to employees Aims to increase employee awareness Physical well-being
– Exhibitions on Personal Protective and access to self-help tools.
• Collaborations with nationwide
Equipments (PPE) and safety equipment,
including unique exhibits like seat belt TIER 2 - Micro environment COVID-19 testing labs
convincer, alcohol impairment vision • Collaborations with emergency
goggles and driving simulations This tier aims to encourage and support ambulance services
our managers, who, in turn, will do the
– Mock drills, safety inspection and safety • Teleconsultations and helpline
same with their teams.
skit
Social well-being
TIER 3 - Macro environment
• Promoting work-life balance
This is the top-down part of the model, • Help in navigating the new normal
focused on building alliances and working environment
partnerships with the most effective
• Organizing leisure events
third parties, implementing appropriate
policies, and providing ready access to
vaccination programs.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 45
Employee wellness and experience Social
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Our employee well-being rates reached an Employee satisfaction organization, all managers have access to a Performance management
all-time high of 91% across locations. The sense real-time customized dashboard with feedback
of connectedness measured at 91% because from their respective teams, which enable
Infosys has robust mechanisms to gauge Infosys has established a high-performance
of the ability of different teams to collaborate them to engage with their teams better and
employee sentiments and feedback. Up culture and our employee breathe this each
and connect with each other emotionally. address any concerns. This dashboard has
until fiscal 2020, employee engagement at day. Our performance management process
HALE successfully touched the lives of 1,50,000 multiple views and advanced analytics such
Infosys was measured through the annual drives a 'meritocracy culture' yet stays
employees through 431 initiatives, where we as heatmaps, trendlines, sentiment analytics
LITMUS survey. When the pandemic struck, individual employee focused and development
witnessed a three-fold increase in employee to enable the managers to prioritize focus
the team quickly reimagined this tool for oriented. We focus on identifying the best
participation. The key focus for us was mental areas according to their teams. Managers
the new remote way of work and introduced performers against standards of performance
health. We conducted 150 interventions on along with their respective units HR executives
a periodic feedback mechanism called instead of relative comparison of individuals.
mental health-related topic this year. and leadership work on making changes or
Pulse. Pulse collects ongoing and real-time This mechanism helps us to identify our best
improvements at the Unit / team level on the
Hybrid well-being feedback from employees anonymously on performers through well-defined goals that
ground. Over 50,000 employees participated
key organization-wide themes that shape are always relevant, continuous feedback and
in Q4 with insights gathered around various
an employee’s experience at Infosys such as a strong focus on employee development.
The hybrid work model urged us to consider a themes of the organization. These insights
work, learning and careers. We poll the entire Aligning with this performance management
hybrid well-being awareness and engagement have led us to create focus areas for actionizing
organization through a micro survey every philosophy, we have the defined performance
approach. We created a page on hybrid on a quarterly basis which is socialized with the
month. In addition to this, we also poll our review and assessment process.
well-being on our HALE portal and launched leadership team.
employees on select tenure-based milestones
a hybrid wellness toolkit for employees and Continuous feedback is an essential
and specific events including onboarding,
managers, and a Hello Hybrid widget which Employee satisfaction element of the process with regular reviews,
job rotation and appraisals. This cumulative
provided HALE counsellor contacts. Initiatives culminating into a rating based holistic view
understanding of employee perception, and FY2021 73%
across development centers such as habit- of the employee’s performance. Performance
feedback from actual events and milestones
forming campaigns, Bring Your Kids to Work FY2022 75% conversations between employee and manager
have strengthened our sensing architecture
days and story-sharing forums strengthened to obtain richer insights of employee FY2023 82% happens on an ongoing basis, given the
awareness and engagement among continuous performance process that we have
experiences. To drive change across the
employees. in Infosys. The continuous feedback process
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 46
Employee wellness and experience Social
helps managers provide instant feedback for Along with this, employees can seek and share Human rights as a part of Infosys’ ESG Vision 2030. The
necessary improvements in the work that is feedback with all the colleagues they work suggestions from the independent human
being done. with. Thus, iCount goes a long way in providing rights impact assessment allowed us to
Infosys is a signatory to the UNGC. Our
ESG REPORT 2022-23 a holistic view of the employees performance. accelerate our part time and remote work
Infosys performance management puts human rights stand is contained in our Code
policies and inform our hybrid model further.
equal focus on the future development of the Resolution hubs of Conduct and Ethics in an important tenet,
employee and the introduction of Individual ‘Respecting Each Other.’ The Infosys Human The minimum notice period for significant
Development Plan (IDP) is a testament to the Rights Statement articulates our philosophy to operational changes are included in the
A safe and positive work environment is what
same. IDPs are created by employees under provide a discrimination-free workplace for all collective bargaining agreements (CBA)
we want to be associated with. In keeping with
the guidance of the manager and are a perfect employees and contractors. All our employees wherever mandated by law. In countries
this philosophy, we envisage an open-door
blend of theory and application. Managers and contractors undergo a mandatory Smart where there is no such mandate to include
policy. Employees can access several forums
coach and mentor the employee to set career Awareness Quiz (SAQ), every year, which them in the CBA or in countries where CBA
where they can highlight matters or concerns
and professional aspirations and reach them includes questions on human rights and the is not mandated, we abide by the local laws
faced at the workplace. This is achieved
in a structured manner. Employees are also Infosys Code of Conduct and Ethics. The SAQ is prevailing in the land. In all other scenarios,
through a well-established and robust
encouraged to take up training to upskill / a comprehensive tool which also includes ‘self- Infosys prescribes the notice period based on
grievance resolution mechanism comprising
reskill themselves to meet the needs of the study’ tutorials, allowing employees to learn the type of change.
‘resolution hubs’. The Anti-Sexual Harassment
projects. and then take up the assessments.
Initiative (ASHI) and the Hearing Employees All our security personnel are trained on
In case of continued lack of expected and Resolving (HEAR) forums are designated In fiscal 2023, we conducted an independent human rights related topics. The Infosys
performance, employees are identified for a as redressal forums for sexual harassment and Human Rights Impact Assessment of our Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC) has reference
structured performance improvement plan workplace related complaints, respectively. operations across India. India comprises >80% to human rights and it states, ‘Infosys expects
where they are given goals and the managers Resolution hubs adhere to the principles of of our employee base. The assessment protocol its suppliers to support and respect the
support them in achieving these goals. natural justice, ensure confidentiality, and was created based on the Articles contained protection of internationally proclaimed
non-retaliation while addressing concerns. The in the Universal Declaration of Human human rights and to ensure that they are not
At the end of the performance cycle employees
concerns are handled with utmost sensitivity Rights (UDHR), ILO, UNGC Principles, the GRI complicit in human rights abuses.’ As part
receive a performance rating. To support the
and are redressed and closed in a timebound Standards, the Business Responsibility and of the onboarding process the vendors
process, we have our web and mobile app
manner. A detailed investigation process Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) parameters, have to accept the SCoC. The procurement
called iCount, where employees can add their
ensures fairness and provides an opportunity as well as Health and Safety criteria and team ensures that SCoC acceptance is done
goals and are encouraged to update progress
to present facts and any material evidence environment management systems. by vendors and maintains a tracker for the
against the same on a regular basis. Managers
pertaining to the grievance. same. In fiscal 2022, we committed to an
can provide feedback to employees on these It is our constant endeavor to make Infosys a
independent responsible supplier assessment
goals and support them in achieving the Read more on Infosys resolution hub place where people can be the best version
for our top 100 suppliers over the next 4 years.
objectives. Feedback from client stakeholder of themselves. The Talent Pulse Report 2022,
As on fiscal 2023, 46 supplier ESG assessments
(although not mandated by the process) is provides a glimpse into our Employee wellness
have been completed.
also a key input that the manager uses during and experience practices. Employee wellness
performance and development conversations. and experience is an important ambition Read more.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 47
Employee wellness and experience Social
Awards and Recognition
ESG REPORT 2022-23
• Global Top Employer 2023 - Recognized • LinkedIn Top Companies 2022 - Among • SHRM HR Excellence Awards 2022 - • Stevie® Awards - Infosys honored with Five
as a Top Employer in 22 countries across Top 5 employers in India for the second year Excellence in HR Analytics, Wellness and Stevie® Awards at the 20th Annual American
Europe, Middle East, Asia Pacific, and North in a row, recognized for industry leading Hybrid Workspaces, D&I. and Asia Pacific Business Awards.
America for best-in-class HR practices and employee practices. • Great Manager Awards - Companies with • Best Recruitment Marketing and Employer
processes. • ATD Excellence in Practice Award 2022 - Great Managers 2022 third time in a row by Branding Program - HR Risk Management
• World’s Most Ethical Companies in 2023 Infosys Leadership Institute recognized for Economic Times. • Randstad Employer Brand Research (REBR)
by Ethisphere - Recognized for values and Leadership and Management Development. • Brandon Hall Group’s HCM Excellence - Most attractive employer in India.
ethics across people and business for the • Best Internship Program by Vault - Infosys - Best Recruitment Marketing and • AVTAR Best Company for Women 2022 -
third consecutive year. InStep ranked No. 1 in the ‘Best Overall Employer Branding Program, Best-in-class Forbes’ The Best Employers for Diversity in
• Great Place to Work® 2022 - Recognized for Internship Program’ category for the fifth talent acquisition and Best Social Talent 2021, Diversity Inc.’s Top 50 Companies for
value driven culture and trust, across India, year in a row. Acquisition Strategy, Best Unique or Diversity.
US, Canada, Mexico, Australia, UK, Germany Innovative Talent Acquisition Program.
in 2022.
Also recognized as Fortune Best Big
Companies, India’s Best Employers Among
Nation Builders, Top 50 Companies for
Women to Work for, Top IT Companies of
India.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 48
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Governance vision
Serve the interests of
all our stakeholders by
50
leading through our
51
60
core values
63
We set new standards on how to act right and do more. We lead
the way with respect and vigor in our solutions, in our corporate
policies, throughout our value chain and across the industry.
UN SDGs aligned
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 49
Governance
Performance on governance goals
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Governance vision
Serve the interests of all our stakeholders by leading through our core values
Material topics Ambitions Progress in fiscal 2023
• Bringing the interests of all stakeholders to the fore • 12.5% women on the Board
through our empowered, diverse and inclusive Board
Corporate • Building sustainable and responsible supply chains • Completed ESG assessments for 46 of our top 100 suppliers
governance • Ensuring robust compliance and integrity practices • Infosys has been recognized as one of the 2023 World’s Most
Ethical Companies for the third consecutive year by Ethisphere
• Engaging with stakeholders through various • We continue to lead on ESG assessments in India and globally
channels and earning trust through transparent
communication
• We are among the first few organizations globally, to have our
• Adopting leading data privacy standards across all framework certified with accreditation, for ISO:27701 privacy
Data privacy
global operations information management standard. We are in the process of
getting identified / selected locations certified.
Information • Being recognized as industry leader in our • Infosys won Data Security Council of India (DSCI) Excellence
management information security practices Award for Best Security Practices in IT-ITeS / BPM Sector, 2022.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 50
Governance
Corporate governance
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Our corporate governance reflects our value systems, culture, policies and relationships with our Our Board instituted an ESG Committee on Interaction with other Board
stakeholders. Integrity and transparency, the core of our corporate governance. Since it's integrity April 14, 2021, to discharge its responsibility
and transparency, it has to be ensure sound practice and performance that, in turn, help us gain to oversee matters related to organization- committees
and retain the trust of our stakeholders. wide ESG initiatives, priorities, and leading ESG
We practice the highest level of corporate governance across all our business functions. A strong, practices. The ESG Committee reports to the The ESG Committee works closely with
independent and diverse Board leadership nurtures and sustains effective corporate governance Board and meets every quarter. other Board Committees to further our ESG
throughout the corporation. Independent Board committees review and formulate industry- Objectives of the ESG ambitions. For instance, it informs ESG risks
leading governance practices. and challenges, if any, in achieving progress on
the goals, to the Risk Management Committee
Committee and invites its support to address the risks. It
Read the Infosys Board Diversity Policy ESG governance interacts with the Stakeholder’s Relationship
Committee to discuss performance on ESG
The composition of our Board The objectives of the ESG Committee are
assessments and actions for improvement. It
as on March 31, 2023 In October 2020, we launched our ESG provided in the ESG Committee report that collaborates with the CSR Committee for social
Vision 2030. Our focus has been steadfast forms part of the Corporate Governance Report impact programs. It also interacts with the
Size and composition of the Board on leveraging technology to battle climate in the Integrated Annual Report. Cyber security Risk Sub-committee as part of
Non-executive and Executive change, conserve water and manage waste. The objectives are also provided in the its efforts to track progress on the information
non-independent director director On the social front, our emphasis has been ESG Committee charter. management ambitions.
on the development of people, especially
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh around digital skilling, improving diversity and The ESG council reports to the ESG Committee. In addition to the ESG Committee, other
inclusion, facilitating employee wellness and The purpose of the council is to execute the Board committees and senior management
experience, delivering technology for social programs and plans of the ESG Committee are also actively involved in enhancing our
Independent directors good and energizing the communities we live to achieve the ambitions outlined in the ESG performance and disclosures on a range of ESG
and work in. We have also redoubled efforts to Vision 2030. The council nominates sponsors issues, relating to our different stakeholder
D. Sundaram Bobby Parikh
serve the interests of all our stakeholders by from the executive leadership team, who work groups. Refer to Infosys Integrated Annual
Michael Gibbs Chitra Nayak leading through our core values and setting closely with the ESG ambition leads to ensure Report 2022.
Uri Levine Govind Iyer benchmarks in corporate governance. progress on the goals. The council has overall
ESG performance evaluation
responsibility for ESG governance, reporting,
communication, branding and to take stock
of the performance and discuss programs and ESG goals are a part of the corporate
Indians Foreign nationals
The plans, as appropriate. scorecard and the performance parameters
62.5% 37.5% Board of leaders, and are cascaded to various levels
in the organization. ESG performance of the
Company is linked to the compensation of the
ESG Committee
CEO & MD and leaders.
Men Women
87.5% 12.5%
ESG Council
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 51
Corporate governance Governance
Building sustainable and responsible supply chains
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Infosys believes in and is committed to partnering with the highest quality suppliers to ensure Sambandh
that we deliver best-of-breed business and IT solutions to our clients. As a signatory to the
United Nations Global Compact, Infosys leverages the UNGC principles covering human rights,
Sambandh is our biannual supplier
labor, environment, and anti-corruption as foundational principles for building and improving
meeting. This year, the theme at Sambandh
its sustainable supply chain practices. The Company’s Responsible Supply Chain and Supplier
was ‘Sustainable procurement through
Diversity Policy is an expression of our commitment to integrate these principles into our
engagement’.
supply chain relationships and towards building long-term environmental, social, and economic
opportunities for diverse businesses. This commitment is manifested in our internal activities and Over 700 suppliers engaged in Sambandh
processes, as well as through the organizations we engage with externally. Integrity and ethics across locations in India. The engagement
govern all our supplier partnerships, while also supporting and encouraging the aspirations of included workshops and discussions on the
diverse businesses. principles contained in the Infosys SCoC and
ESG-compliant procurement practices.
Infosys Supplier Code of Diligence before empanelment
Conduct
As part of the pre-contract and evaluation,
we perform exhaustive due diligence of
Infosys prides itself in the way it conducts suppliers in sanctions, corruption, financial
its business and has always been a company crimes, litigations and ESG issues at the time of
with a strong commitment to ethical business onboarding and periodically thereafter, with
practices and sustainability. Infosys encourages the help of a third-party tool. This assessment
its suppliers to join in this commitment, based covers compliance, adverse media, information
on a shared set of values and principles. Infosys security, physical security and sustainability,
pursues mutually beneficial relationships with based on the type of vendor. We have
its Suppliers and seeks to work with businesses onboarded 1946 new suppliers in fiscal 2023.
that are committed to act fairly and with Additionally, we have incorporated ESG criteria
integrity towards their stakeholders, observing into the supplier onboarding process. 45% of
the applicable rules of law. The Supplier Code our new suppliers were screened using the
of Conduct (SCoC) draws inspiration from the third party tool.
Infosys Code of Conduct and Ethics and the
principles of the UNGC. It provides a detailed
account of material topics that we are focused
on to nurture and sustain responsible supply
chains.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 52
Corporate governance Governance
ESG learning for suppliers ESG assessments Our centralized procurements are in India,
but we engage with local suppliers for local
needs across geographies. The proportion
We launched a dedicated ESG learning channel In 2021, we made a commitment to assess
ESG REPORT 2022-23 of spending on local suppliers (in India) was
for our suppliers on Infosys Springboard. The 100 of our top suppliers (by spend) on ESG
nearly 66% in fiscal 2023. We did not have
portal contains ESG learning and best practices over a four-year period. As on fiscal 2023,
any significant actual and potential negative
and provides learners an opportunity to we have covered 46 suppliers through
environmental and social impacts in the supply
discuss, ideate and engage on ESG topics. this assessment. The assessments covered
chain. We did not have any significant changes
governance, ethics and compliance with
to our supply chain in fiscal 2023.
law, fair business practices, labor practices
and human rights, health and safety, and
environment. The assessment is based on a No. of MSME 24,891
protocol which leverages the Infosys Supplier suppliers
Code of Conduct (SCoC), ISO 26000, GRI,
777 contract staff
UNHRC, Ethical Trading Initiative (ETI) and
engaged
other international frameworks. The Infosys
Supplier Code of Conduct leverages the UNGC
principles including protecting and upholding 46% of top 100 suppliers
internationally proclaimed human rights,
underwent ESG assessments
endorsing treating all persons with respect
in the last two years
and dignity while safeguarding their rights, the
elimination of forced and compulsory labor,
the abolition of child labor in the supply chain
and strong corporate governance practices
including anti-corruption and anti-bribery and
A course on the ESG learning channel
promoting fair business practices across the
supply chain. As an environmentally conscious
organization, Infosys also urges suppliers to
protect the environment and make abstemious
use of scarce natural resources in their
business processes. As part of the onboarding
process, all vendors have to accept the Infosys
SCoC, and this is ensured and tracked by the
procurement team.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 53
Corporate governance Governance
Integrity and compliance Reinforcing a culture of transparency and good governance to
build enduring relationships with our
compliance clients, employees and partners. It has
ESG REPORT 2022-23 become a platform to create awareness
The Ethics and Compliance Program at Infosys has two key objectives – to uphold and ensure the
values of integrity and transparency and to assure enterprise-wide regulatory compliance. 1. Code of Conduct and Ethics (Digital and have an engaging dialogue with all
version): We also have a digital version of stakeholders, and influence behavior and
Integrity is key to nurturing a responsible business. Beyond regulation and stakeholder the Code of Conduct and Ethics. It provides showcase the Infosys culture. This has
attention, there is a growing recognition that good behavior is good for business. At Infosys, our user-friendly access to specific topics taken forward the compliance and ethics
commitment to a value-based ethos is enshrined in our Code of Conduct and Ethics. in an interactive manner. It is a unique program and created increased awareness
audio-visual experience and is easy to of expected behavior.
Our values are the principles we use to run the Company daily and are the source of our Code of
Conduct and Ethics. Our values are the foundation of everything we do and are encapsulated in navigate. The Code can be accessed on 4. Local Compliance Officer program:
the acronym C-LIFE (Client value; Leadership by example; Integrity and transparency; Fairness and mobile devices as well. The digital version To further raise awareness among our
Excellence). of the Code aims to help every employee employees about ethical aspects globally, a
understand the behavior we expect and local compliance officer (LCO) network has
the principles and values we uphold. also been created across the Infosys Group
We aim to continue to build a culture of in collaboration with Office of Integrity
compliance, where everyone feels they are and Compliance. The LCO network plays a
able to do the right thing and prioritize crucial role, in promoting an organizational
legal and ethical choices. The digital version culture that encourages ethical conduct
of the Code is available here. and a commitment to compliance with the
2. Code of Conduct and Ethics training: law, regulations, and policies and helps in
Our employees and Board members maximizing the impact of ethics-related
are trained on the Code of Conduct and communication and training.
Ethics. We have a Smart Awareness Quiz
(SAQ) which includes training modules
that employees are mandatorily required
to undertake every year to renew their
Recognition as
commitment to the Code of Conduct and
Ethics. Our vendor partners were also
one of the world’s
trained on the Supplier Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct and Ethics by the Board and the Office of Integrity and through various channels including most ethical companies
Compliance is the custodian of the Code of live sessions during the vendor partner
Conduct and Ethics. Our business partners meet called Sambandh. We also have
We firmly believe that following the highest Infosys has been recognized as one
acknowledge and comply with the Supplier a detailed communication plan to use
standards of business conduct and ethics helps of the 2023 World’s Most Ethical
Code of Conduct which is based on the UNGC multiple channels of communication like
us run our business responsibly. Our Code Companies for the third consecutive
principles. emails, video messages, blogs, gamified
of Conduct and Ethics helps us maintain the year by Ethisphere, a global leader in
assessments, and storyboards to spread
highest ethical standards for our employees. Purpose statement defining and advancing the standards
awareness about various policies.
of ethical business. Through this
It complies with the legal requirements of
3. #SwipeRightforIntegrity: recognition, Infosys becomes one of
applicable laws and regulations, including Our Code of Conduct and Ethics now
#SwipeRightforIntegrity is an annual only four honorees in the software
anti-bribery and anti-corruption and ethical encapsulates our purpose statement:
legal and compliance event organized and services Industry, globally, and
handling of conflicts of interest. It also “To amplify human potential and create the
by Infosys. The event brings our leaders the only honoree from India.
highlights expectations from our employees. next opportunity for people, businesses and
together to reinforce our values of integrity,
The Code of Conduct and Ethics is signed off communities.”
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 54
Corporate governance Governance
Anti-Bribery and Export Control Policy Use of technology for effective Sometimes, services to be obtained include
permits, licenses, approvals, marketing
Anti-Corruption (ABAC) compliance monitoring of activities / expenses, awareness campaigns
The export control policy describes Infosys’
ESG REPORT 2022-23 and liasoning with the authorities for filings
practices and policy export control program and is reviewed controls
and reporting requirements.
periodically by the Management. The export
control program protects the company and • To ensure appropriate proof of service
Our Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption practices its employees from potential risk of violation We have leveraged Artificial Intelligence (AI) by vendors is submitted, reviewed, and
and policy is reviewed by the Management at of sanctions prescribed under export control and Machine Learning (ML) technology to approved before payments are released and
regular intervals. regulations and facilitates business expansion review and identify exceptions in compliance to ensure that the process of requisitioning,
With an evolving landscape, Infosys is in accordance with these regulations. All our and ABAC controls. purchasing, receiving, paying for, and
committed to a responsible Anti-Bribery & customers and vendors are screened against Compliance proof-testing accounting for goods and services, covering
Anti-Corruption risk management framework various sanctions to ensure that we are the entire process from point of order right
to demonstrate a comprehensive risk compliant. As part of the program, training • Infosys implemented a compliance program through to payment, is monitored, Infosys
management program to reduce the risks by modules are rolled out to relevant employees covering 80 countries and 14 regulatory has implemented the following controls by
regularly assessing risk in alignment with its to ensure that they are aware and are areas across major business enabling reimagining system logic in procurement
growth strategies, and to drive an ethical and compliant with export control laws. functions in September 2018. systems and use of AI and ML techniques:
risk intelligent culture, to increase the certainty • The program instituted a self-assessment of – Traceability of transactions at initial
We have a self-assessment and certification
of business outcomes. the compliance status against a compliance procurement stages through user
program in place for anti-bribery and anti-
framework with a maker checker process declaration and OCR technology.
Risk assessment for bribery and corruption corruption, anti-trust / anti-competition, and
built into it. – Trail of documentation to substantiate
risks is done periodically and the criteria export control.
used for risk assessment include business • The program also enabled the creation of various milestones and proofs of services
units / internal departments, location and the Whistleblower Policy a repository of compliance proofs against availed.
Corruption Perception Index (CPI) index of self-assessment. – Built-in escalation matrix to ensure
countries, among others. The Infosys Whistleblower Policy, last amended • By consolidating compliance proofs across timely approval of red flags identified for
in January 2022, is a comprehensive and countries and regulatory areas, Infosys appropriate resolution and action.
Anti-competitive practices well-designed mechanism that encourages designed an OCR-based technology to – Tracking of potential red flag indicators
employees, vendors, customers, and any other scan the proofs and validate if the proofs through keyword searches and OCR
policy
stakeholders to report any unethical conduct, corroborate the compliance status. technology before raising procurement
violation of applicable laws or the Company’s • The OCR technology was combined with request and payment processing.
The Anti-Trust / Anti-Competitive Practices Code of Conduct and Ethics occurring within
a rule engine to test compliance controls – Periodic assessments of transactions on
Policy states the objective, scope, applicability, the Company. With strict confidentiality
around timeliness and accuracy of the sample basis considering factors such as
and regulatory consequences, and is reviewed measures and multiple reporting channels,
compliance proof. high-risk vendors / transactions.
periodically by the Management. This policy the policy ensures that whistleblowers are
includes the three aspects of anti-trust law: protected from any retaliation. The company ABAC program – In addition, digitized self-assessment and
(i) abuse of dominance; (ii) anti-competitive reviews all complaints impartially and takes certification is also rolled out as part of
practice; (iii) merger control. Besides, a list appropriate action, as applicable, while • Infosys develops and manages multiple monitoring and controls.
office facilities and collaborates with
of do’s and don’ts are communicated to the providing regular communication to ensure
multiple vendors / service providers during
relevant stakeholders highlighting expected awareness about the policy. The Infosys
the various phases of construction. Infosys
behaviors. Whistleblower Policy is a testament to the
engages with vendors for infrastructure
Company’s commitment to transparency,
development and facility maintenance.
accountability, and responsible corporate
citizenship.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 55
Corporate governance Governance
Engaging with stakeholders through various channels and
earning trust through transparent communication
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Thought leadership ESG radar
The tone for transparency is set at the top. The Company prides itself on its compliance with global
guidelines, standards and corporate governance codes ensuring timely and accurate disclosures. We Infosys published its inaugural ESG Radar 2023
continue to publish our independently assured ESG disclosures based on the GRI Standard 2021. The Infosys Knowledge Institute report. We surveyed 2,500 executives and
(IKI) ESG experts and found that companies need
In fiscal 2023, Infosys’ ESG performance was recognized globally by to radically reinvent how ESG fits within the
The Infosys Knowledge Institute harnesses the enterprise. ESG is no longer a good to have but
several industry rankings and assessments
intellectual capital of Infosys subject matter a business necessity.
experts to produce unique and fresh content
The Company has been recognized for its many efforts to consistently demonstrate
and insights on the business impact that
commitment to sustainability, ethical leadership, and responsible business practices.
technology can drive for prospects and clients.
IKI also develops its proprietary data and
Infosys topped the charts in the CRISIL ESG risk management, mitigation initiatives,
insights through multiple large-scale surveys
Leadership Rankings and was featured in transparent disclosures on emissions, and
and quantitative analysis. These are published
the CRISIL Sustainability Yearbook, 2022 emission reduction initiatives across the
throughout the year through its flagship
for the second consecutive year. supply and value chain.
Radar maturity assessments, the annual Tech
Infosys was conferred an ‘AA’ rating in the For the sixth year in a row, in 2022, Infosys Navigator report on future trends and the
Practical Sustainability
MSCI ESG ratings. The MSCI ESG ratings is listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability ongoing TechCompass tech trends series. These
measure the ESG performance, including Indices (DJSI), a leading benchmark for are supplemented by IKI-authored books, Our book, Practical Sustainability – Circular
the management of financially relevant corporate sustainability. including Practical Sustainability and The Live Commerce, Smarter Spaces, and Happier
ESG risks and opportunities, of companies Enterprise. IKI also creates new proprietary Humans, is globally recognized as an industry
In their latest ESG Risk Ratings,
worldwide. video content through expert interviews, standard in delivering climate change
Sustainalytics recognized Infosys as
webinars and online roundtables with clients,
solutions having won international awards
Infosys is also a forerunner in driving an industry-wide and regional top-
Infosys executives and academics or industry
for economics, business, and journalism
climate action across its operations. It rated ESG performer. Sustainalytics is a
influencers. IKI has collaborated with 500
excellence.
has been recognized for leadership in renowned independent ESG and corporate
clients and created over 1,000 assets since
corporate transparency and performance governance research, ratings, and analytics
inception and regularly publishes in leading
on climate change by the global firm.
business and technology media. For more
environmental nonprofit CDP, securing a
EcoVadis, a globally acclaimed ratings information, go to https://infosys.com/iki.
place on the CDP annual A List in 2022.
platform for corporate social responsibility
This is the seventh year in a row that
and sustainable procurement, recognized
Infosys has been featured in the leadership
Infosys with a Gold medal for CSR
category under the CDP Climate Change
practices. Infosys has been a recipient of
disclosure - a testament to Infosys’ climate
EcoVadis Gold for over seven years now.
action efforts, including climate-related
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 56
Corporate governance Governance
Partnerships
have been downloaded over 3,400 times and Among the flagship projects is the Climate
ESG REPORT 2022-23
have reached almost 24,000 students across Game - a unique data-driven simulation that
the globe. gives the readers a sense of what it takes to
manage the global climate crisis. With 400
Building on the momentum from initiatives,
predictive choices, the game places the players
this year, Infosys and Economist Impact will
at the heart of crucial decision-making to reach
create the Value Chain Navigator (VCN) – a
net zero by the year 2050. Each player has to
visual, interactive, data-driven tool that helps
successfully limit global warming to below
business decision-makers understand the next
1.5 °C by selecting the best course of action for
steps they need to take to manage value chain
each sector that the game focuses on.
emissions.
Within VCN, the users will be able to explore
the world of scope 3 via seven ‘levers’ where
Economist Impact interviews with Bill Gates, Emmanuel Faber, each lever represents a different area of
Patricia Espinosa and Ellen Jackowski on topics business action. These include areas such as
In 2021, Infosys and Economist Impact entered such as climate change, scope 3 emissions, business model innovation, product design
a strategic partnership with a shared purpose social justice, e-waste and more. TSP has and investment strategy.
of building a digital platform, The Sustainability also won some of the most coveted awards,
Project (TSP), that advances sustainability including Webby Awards and World Media As an open digital platform, VCN aims to
solutions. Group Awards in 2022. provide executives with insightful, practical,
and evidence-based business actions to
TSP, developed by Infosys, leverages
address these emissions in line with an
our expertise in digital innovation and
evolving regulatory landscape.
transformation to deliver insights and data- With almost 1 million plays till date and an
powered solutions across the globe. It serves as Financial Times average of 15 minutes per play, the Climate
a best-in-class destination for content focused Game has been very well received by FT
on sustainability. Infosys and Financial Times teamed up in 2022 readers, climate influencers and some of the
to build creative and immersive newsroom most influential people in business and global
projects and cover issues that matter. Through politics. It has won over 14 awards such as
this partnership, we have delivered engaging The Lovie Awards, German Design Award,
digital platforms to create media experiences Corporate Engagement Award and many
of the future. more. The game has also been syndicated in
Japanese.
Last year, we opened up The Sustainability
Project to the next generation by partnering
with The Economist Educational Foundation
(TEEF) and created a series of six world-class
teaching resources for 9 to15 year-olds on
sustainability themes. Our objective here was
Since its launch, the platform has garnered
to enable the next generation to have inspiring
over 800K pageviews from 500K+ unique
discussions on sustainability issues and to
visitors, who spent an average of 1:56 mins
think critically, communicate effectively and
on the site, resulting in a total of more than
understand global challenges. These resources
17,000 hours. Today the platform hosts original
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 57
Corporate governance Governance
World Economic Forum (WEF)
• Infosys' presence at WEF annual meeting:
ESG REPORT 2022-23 – Infosys CEO & MD participated in a public
session on Accelerating the Reskilling
Revolution. With labor markets in
flux from the fallout of the pandemic,
technological shifts and the green
transition, up to one billion people will
need reskilling, training and lifelong
learning by 2030. The session covered
details on how much progress has been
made and what needs to happen next to
reach this target.
– Infosys General Counsel and Chief
Compliance Officer participated in a
WEF public discussion on Investing
Responsibly in Sustainable Governance.
While a significant focus on climate
change is influencing global investment
priorities, responsible and sustainable
governance remains essential to
ensuring a just economic recovery.
The speakers discussed actions and
meaningful approaches that will
empower investors to take a holistic
Infosys has had a 23-year strategic-level 1.5 °C requires significant collaboration and approach to sustainable governance
partnership with the World Economic Forum shared responsibility between the private so that integrity is incorporated in their
(WEF). Key ESG initiatives undertaken with the and public sectors and are ready to work strategic decisions.
forum include: side by side with governments to accelerate
– Sustainability is embedded into the
the transition to net zero. As part of this
• Infosys is a founding business partner of fabric of Infosys. Our presence at Davos
community, we signed an open letter for
WEF’s 'Reskilling Revolution' initiative that 2023 was completely carbon neutral.
world leaders at COP27 committing the
aims to provide one billion people with All avoidable emissions were offset with
same.
better education, skills and jobs by 2030. the use of sustainable methods and
Infosys integrated the Pathfinders Online • Infosys is a key member of the Chief materials. For unavoidable emissions,
Institute on the platform. Diversity and Inclusion Officers Community. Infosys invests in commensurate certified
• Infosys is part of WEF’s Alliance of CEO It is a signatory of Partnering for Racial Gold Standard Carbon offsets. We
Climate Leaders community, a CEO-led Justice in Business, a global coalition of also had a session in partnership with
community committed to raising bold organizations and their C-suite leaders Economist Impact on Managing Risk
climate ambition and accelerating the net committed to leveraging their individual across the Sustainability Landscape that
zero transition by setting science-based and collective power to build equitable emphasized on the risks to sustainability
targets, disclosing emissions and catalyzing and just workplaces for professionals against a turbulent macroeconomic and
decarbonization and partnerships across with under-represented racial and ethnic geopolitical landscape.
identities.
global value chains. Alliance members
know that limiting global warming to
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 58
Corporate governance Governance
G20 Smart Cities Alliance Sustainability Taskforce
ESG REPORT 2022-23
World Economic Forum Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution
As the world urbanizes, sustainable adopting the right set of policies to make sure residents around a shared set of principles Infosys participated in the High-level
development and economic growth depend that technology is used responsibly, and our for the responsible and ethical use of smart Roundtable for the G7 Sustainable Urban
increasingly on the successful management research shows that most cities do not have city technologies. The Alliance establishes Development Ministers’ Meeting in Tokyo
of urban growth. With the right technology these fundamentals in place. and advances global policy norms to help Policy and Guidance on how to prepare Whole
and the know-how to govern it, cities can accelerate best practices, mitigate potential Life Carbon (WLC) assessments including how
Infosys is partnering with the WEF secretariat
lead the way in solving problems in energy, risks, and foster greater openness and public to calculate WLC emissions and the information
in the role of taskforce lead for the G20
transportation, healthcare, education and trust. The taskforce is designing principles and that needs to be submitted to comply with the
Global Smart Cities Alliance on Technology
natural disaster response, while making their WLC benchmarks to aid planning applicants in policy and how public-private collaborations in
Governance unites local and national
communities more inclusive, resilient and designing buildings that have low operational cities are critical to solving some of the world's
governments, private-sector partners and city
sustainable. But progress depends on cities carbon and low embodied carbon. biggest challenges.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 59
Governance
Data privacy
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Evolving notion of privacy
Today, there is a much greater adoption of digital and emerging technologies in everything we do. Approach to sustained DP compliance
The tools and technologies that we use at work have brought in a great deal of operational ease
and efficiency, making life much simpler. Often, the incentives to use these are so compelling,
that choice is only notional. On the other hand, Data Privacy (DP) regulations around the world At Infosys, we constituted the data privacy the time of data collection to both internal
are demanding greater accountability from us, to ensure that these are not intrusive when function over a decade ago as an independent and external data subjects and the privacy
deployed. Many of these tools, platforms and processes have the propensity to breach privacy if business enabling function reporting to statement for external data subjects is also
not deployed with due diligence. Hence, at Infosys, the Data Privacy Office (DPO) an independent the management and using the globally made available in the public domain. These
function, ensures careful balancing before deploying them. recognized PIMS (Privacy Information are constantly updated to reflect the changes
Management System) framework. We complied in personal data processing or applicable DP
with all applicable data privacy regulations regulations.
in fiscal 2023 in building applications and
Privacy Statement
platforms, or while executing client projects,
by introducing appropriate privacy safeguards.
Infosys does not do behavioral advertising.
Our Data Privacy Policy published in the
Infosys also does not use personal data for
Company intranet, demonstrates our the
secondary purposes. Whenever there is a
Management's commitment to privacy and
change in the purpose, data subjects are
applies to the entire operations including
notified of the new purpose through privacy
service providers. To ensure complete
notices.
transparency, we provide privacy notices at
Infosys - Privacy Statement.
CONTEXT
INTERESTED
IMPROVEMENT
PARTIES
ISSUES AND
MEASUREMENT
EXPECTATIONS
RISK ASSESSMENT PIMS SCOPE
AND TREATMENT
OBJECTIVES VISION
SOA MISSION
RISK AND
POLICY
OPPORTUNITIES
Diagram 1: A robust framework to continuously improve data privacy
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 60
Data privacy Governance
DP governance
framework
ESG REPORT 2022-23
At Infosys, the Data Privacy Office plays the
role of architect and checker, while business
enabling functions and units are the makers,
with independent audits being carried out
Aspirations in DP
periodically by our Quality team and external
bodies. Quarterly senior management reviews
ensure adequate oversight.
We make every effort to protect the personal
information that comes under our purview.
Our data privacy compliance framework is
RMC
based on ISO 27701 with inputs that include
convergence of international best practices,
LCRC
client-prescribed requirements and applicable
data privacy regulations across geographies.
DPC
Adopting internationally
that complies with DP regulations, leading to supplier-related risks to Infosys. We have
market differentiation. The program focuses published comprehensive guidelines for
accepted protocols
PSC on introducing PbD strategies, patterns and suppliers / vendors to ensure that they adhere
guidelines to integrate privacy principles and to strict obligations imposed by contracts
We are among the first few organizations requirements into solutions and platforms and applicable laws of the land, during their
Risk Management Committee Data Privacy Council
globally, to have our framework certified development. To institutionalize privacy by engagement with Infosys and its subsidiaries.
Legal Compliance and Risk Council Privacy Sub-Council
with accreditation, for ISO 27701 privacy design, a two-phased enabling program is The Infosys Supplier Code of Conduct is
• Privacy Sub-Council information management standard. We intend under way. In phase one, foundational and mandated across all essential suppliers
(Comprises nominated individuals from to increase the coverage of the certification intermediate courses on privacy by design involved in processing of personal data, along
business enabling functions and Delivery) across the enterprise in phases. were designed and enabled for all employees with necessary data processing clauses which
globally. Phase two is focusing on taking the are agreed prior to their onboarding. Assurance
• Data Privacy Council Privacy by Design (PbD)
privacy by design implementation to clients. is further demonstrated through due diligence
(Comprises heads of business enabling
and annual assessments.
functions and business units) EPIC program Vendor DP guidelines
• Legal Compliance and Risk Council Robust incident management
(General Counsel, CFO and CRO are key Anticipating the need to make privacy an Vendor DP management of our extended
and breach handling
members) integral part of any process or application entities has assumed strategic significance
• Risk Management Committee dealing with personal data, an organization- in the current scenario of third-party risks,
(Chaired by an independent director) wide strategic initiative named EPIC given the increasing volume of data breaches, At Infosys, we have robust mechanisms to
(Embedding Privacy by design into Infosys and enterprise dependency on outsourcing detect, assess, contain and manage data
Culture) was rolled out in early 2022 by including cloud service providers. Suppliers privacy breaches and incidents with well-
the DPO in collaboration with Quality and present difficult and unique privacy and defined processes and procedures to respond
Delivery functions. EPIC embeds PbD into the cyber security challenges. Compliance with to breach notifications within defined timelines
solution development process at Infosys to diverse data protection laws across the world in accordance with the laws of the land. If an
enable responsible data-centric innovation requires an effective mechanism for managing incident or a breach is determined to be of
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 61
Data privacy Governance
high impact, and / or if the law of the land Raising DP awareness through Driving DP thought leadership
mandates, such breaches are notified to the
impacted data subjects and /or supervisory campaigns and events
In this constantly changing privacy threat
ESG REPORT 2022-23 authority. We also incorporate key learnings
landscape, the Infosys DPO recognizes the
from incidents in privacy awareness stories Every year, we celebrate the Data Privacy Day need for regular engagement with industry
and tips sent to employees. Incidents of high by hosting engaging interventions and diverse and government bodies to shape the future
and critical nature are reported to the incident online interactive events like crosswords, of data privacy. Towards this, it actively
disclosure committee, consisting of senior quizzes, chat with DPO and messages from participates in various initiatives with
leaders including the CEO & MD. Infosys has senior leaders to spread awareness. The events industry forums and standard bodies globally,
zero tolerance for any breaches, which in span over several months and rewards are contributing to developing DP frameworks,
addition to appropriate preventive measures, offered to promote employee participation. policies and standards. The Infosys DPO is the
are controlled through effective deterrent Additionally, monthly awareness mailers in the co-editor for ISO and IEEE standards related
mechanisms including stringent consequence form of privacy tips and scenarios reflecting to privacy engineering, management and
management. changing threats are also sent to everyone in privacy in emerging technologies, some of
In fiscal 2023, there were no substantiated the organization to strengthen awareness. We which have been published while others are
complaints received concerning breaches of conducted International Privacy Symposium being developed. Such emerging technologies
customer privacy from outside parties and 2022, a virtual conference organized by the include AI, digital twins, Metaverse and ZKP
regulatory authorities. Infosys Data Privacy Office in association with (Zero Knowledge Proof).
IAPP and ACC, where participants included
Data subject rights global privacy leaders, CPOs, experts from Recently, AI-based tools and technologies
have proliferated across the digital industry,
academia and global frontline practitioners
management bringing in rich dividends both for consumers
to reflect on key trends, challenges and best
and businesses. However, this has also
practices. Some of the sessions organized
introduced hitherto unknown privacy threats,
Data subject rights, which have become an as part of this included privacy engineering,
particularly on decisional autonomy, basic
intrinsic part of data privacy laws in many anonymization, privacy-preserving synthetic
to individual data empowerment. At Infosys,
countries, are legal rights enjoyed by the data data, AI, data ethics and human behavior,
data privacy and data ethics are an integral
subject. These rights are legally enforceable, privacy standards, data subject rights and
parts of the responsible AI framework and all
but never absolute, which makes the fulfilment other emerging areas. A similar symposium
AI-based solutions and platforms are subjected
complex in the current enterprise setting with is proposed to be organized in 2023 in
to privacy assessments before deployment,
data spread across systems and servers in collaboration with international bodies.
to balance business value derived with data
multiple geographies with diverse regulatory
All employees and sub-contractors have to privacy.
regimes. Infosys has established necessary
also mandatorily complete privacy awareness
tools and processes to cater to such data
quizzes annually, the questions and scenarios
subject rights requests within the legally
for which are tailored based on the their
stipulated timelines across Infosys locations,
respective roles.
including subsidiaries.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 62
Governance
Information management
ESG REPORT 2022-23
Infosys cyber security is an amalgamation of the cyber security strategy that is aligned to the Innovations and service Industry recognition
business goals, the Infosys cyber security framework and a strong cyber governance program
that is driven through the Information Security Council. The Infosys cyber security strategy has offerings
• Leader in the Avasant Risk and Compliance
been designed to minimize cyber security risks and is aligned to business goals. It's objectives
Services 2022 Radarview
focuses on proactive enablement of business, along with ensuring continual improvement in • We have a portfolio of cyber security service
• Leader in the Avasant Cyber security
the compliance posture through effective monitoring and management of cyber events. Infosys offerings and solutions to strengthen our
Services 2022 Radarview
believes that an effective security culture would complement its cyber security objectives capability. In the last financial year, we made
by reducing the risks for the enterprise. Infosys cyber security program is a reassurance that huge progress in the Cyber Next modules • Major Player in IDC MarketScape: Worldwide
the required controls and processes are implemented, monitored, measured, and improved like Cyber Watch, Cyber Intel, Cyber Hunt, Managed Cloud Security Services in the
continuously to mitigate cyber risks across cyber security domains. Cyber Scan, Cyber Gaze, Cyber Compass, Multicloud Era 2022 Vendor Assessment
Cyber Central and Managed Protection • Major Contender in the Everest Group IT
Our approach Detection and Response (MPDR) and Security Services PEAK Matrix Assessment
have also onboarded customers to these 2022 - North America.
solutions and platforms • Major Contender in the Everest Group IT
• We have rolled out a new service offering Security Services PEAK Matrix Assessment
WHAT SECURE BY DESIGN SECURE BY SCALE SECURE THE FUTURE
addressing requirements for Zero Trust 2022 - Europe
• Maximize visibility • Optimize cost • Innovate faster Assessment, establishing Secure Modern • Major Contender in the Everest Group
Workplaces and achieving convergence of IT Managed Detection and Response (MDR)
WHY • Minimize risk • Amplify reach • Deliver value
and OT security framework Services PEAK Matrix Assessment 2022
• Early engagement • Rapid development • Thought leadership
• We have strong strategic partnerships with
Cyber security governance
over 50 global partners to help enhance and
• Awareness and culture • Platforms and accelerators • Competency building strengthen our cyber security solutions. at Infosys
• Security architecture • Integrated and optimized • Research and innovation • In the endeavor to serve our customers with
HOW • DevSecOps • Automation • Co-created partner solution assured digital trust, we have built several • Infosys has a robust and comprehensive
• Intuitive dashboards • Managed security service • Emerging technologies POVs and collaterals with the help of our cyber security program, managed by a
• Compliance • Academic collaboration highly professional SMEs dedicated unit called Information Security
• We have a global network of seven Cyber Group. Infosys has multi-layered controls
Defense Centers spread across EMEA, US with a defense-in-depth approach starting
and APAC, and a strong set of innovation from a robust cyber security strategy
hubs and integrated platforms. supplemented by policies, processes
and controls (preventive, detective, and
corrective). A full-time Chief Information
Security Officer (CISO) has the overall
responsibility for the Infosys cyber security
program. The Infosys Board of Directors
and the senior management oversee the
execution of the cyber security program
through the CISO.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 63
Information management Governance
• The Board has constituted the Cyber Additionally, we have also been attested Cyber skill management 7. Bringing in automation to eliminate the
security Risk Sub-Committee under the on SSAE 18 SOC 1 and SOC 2 by an repeated and monotonous tasks being
Risk Management Committee. The Sub- independent audit firm. During the year, at Infosys done by the analyst and enable them
ESG REPORT 2022-23 Committee consists of three independent our focus on our cyber security personnel’s to perform investigation and cognitive
directors. The objective of the Sub- training, reskilling and building a security With the increasing demand for cyber security activities.
committee is to assess cyber security related culture of collective onus, encouraging jobs and skilled workforce, Infosys has taken 8. Invested in Cyber Range platform for the
risks and the preparedness of the Company shift-left, enabling developer community several measures over the past year to counter security force to get hands-on security
to mitigate and react to such risks. with dedicated courses, resource-kits went the cyber security talent crisis as well as in training based on real-world attacks
• A high-level working group, the Information ahead as planned, together with our overall reskilling, retaining and diversifying our simulation.
Security Council (ISC), has been established. initiatives on improving cyber security security workforce in areas, such as application
The ISC is responsible for governing and processes, technologies and posture. security / secure development lifecycle, etc. Awards and recognition
overseeing the Information Security Our regular stakeholder interactions
Management System (ISMS) at Infosys. The ensured that we have timely sponsorship Some of the initiatives are: • CISO of the Year - 4th CISO Conclave and
ISC is the governing body on information from the senior management and all key 1. Partnership with Purdue University for Awards, 2022 – Vishal Salvi.
security at Infosys which focuses on stakeholders. upskilling and reskilling the fundamentals
• DSCI Excellence Award for Security Leader
establishing, directing, and monitoring Cyber resilience at Infosys and advanced Cyber security . of the Year, 2022 – Lakshmi Narayanan
of the information security governance
2. Conducting bootcamp every year with Kaliyaperumal.
framework. The ISC consists of senior
Cyber resilience is a strong focus at Infosys. focused technical, process, and behavioral • Infosys won DSCI Excellence Award for Best
representatives from various departments
We have extensively concentrated on training training sessions. Week-long event Security Practices in IT-ITeS / BPM Sector,
and business units at Infosys chaired by the
our employees with the latest cyber attacks organized for the ISGians in collaboration 2022.
co-delivery heads.
scenarios through various exercises, including with various external and internal trainers
• AWS Security Competency Partner enabling
• At Infosys, while our employees operated
tabletop, simulation of a real-world attacks in a and speakers, who are all SMEs in their own
Infosys to offer its customers deep technical
efficiently as a hybrid workforce, we
containerized platform. fields. Engaging sessions were organized
expertise with security in AWS and
continued to remain vigilant on the
with the help of ETA and HR.
evolving cyber security threat landscape. The ISG conducted a simulated exercise, which delivering security-focused solutions for
In our endeavor to maintain a robust cyber enabled employees to train in a real world-like 3. Behavioral training sessions conducted for specific workloads and use cases.
security posture, the team has remained cyber attack simulated within the platform. ISGians basis competency mapping. • EMEA International Partner of the Year 2022
abreast of emerging cyber security events We have also conducted regular table-top by Zscaler for jointly securing customer’s
4. ISG MasterClass launched to promote
globally, so as to achieve higher compliance exercises across all job levels including our key digital transformation via Zero Trust
learning and exchange of knowledge /
and its continued sustenance. We continue stakeholders which evaluate the organization's Security.
thought leadership ideas.
to be certified against the ISMS Standard cyber crisis processes, tools, preparedness and
ISO 27001:2013. proficiency in responding to cyber attacks from 5. Virtual trainings and content through
both strategic and technical perspectives. This ISF portal, digital platforms for trainings,
helped the team to revisit the process, incident certifications, and reskilling.
response plans, escalation point of contact, etc.
6. Enabled developer community on SSDLC
framework and SecDevOps, integration of
security testing with CI / CD pipeline.
Infosys | ESG REPORT 2022-23
External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited 64
Infosys Limited
CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115
Address: Contact:
Electronics City, Hosur Road, For queries related to sustainability disclosures:
Bengaluru 560 100, India
ARUNA C. NEWTON
Tel: 91 80 2852 0261
Vice President
Fax: 91 80 2852 0362
Tel: 91 80 2852 0261
www.infosys.com
Email: arunacnewton@infosys.com
For more information, contact askus@infosys.com
© 2023 Infosys Limited, Bengaluru, India. All Rights Reserved. Infosys believes the information in this
document is accurate as of its publication date; such information is subject to change without notice.
Infosys acknowledges the proprietary rights of other companies to the trademarks, product names and such
other intellectual property rights mentioned in this document. Except as expressly permitted, neither this
documentation nor any part of it may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form
or by any means, electronic, mechanical, printing, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior
permission of Infosys Limited and/ or any named intellectual property rights holders under this document.
Creative concept and design by Communication Design Group, Infosys Limited.
© 2023 Infosys Limited, Bengaluru, India. Infosys acknowledges the proprietary rights in the trademarks of
other companies mentioned in this report.
Infosys.com | NYSE: INFY Stay Connected
